I am feeling hungry so I would like to find a place to eat.
Do you have a specific which you want the eating place to be located at?
I would like for it to be in San Jose.
Is there a specific cuisine type you enjoy, such as Mexican, Italian or something else?
I usually like eating the American type of food.
I see that at 71 Saint Peter there is a good restaurant which is in San Jose.
Can you give me the address of this restaurant.
If you want to go to this restaurant you can find it at 71 North San Pedro Street.
Can you give me the phone number that I can contact them with?
If you want to phone them you can at 408-971-8523.
Is there some other restaurant which you can suggest?
How would you like Bazille restaurant which is situated in San Jose.
Do you have another restaurant matching my needs? For example a restaurant which is economical and is located in Palo Alto.
I see that 7 restaurants suit to what you requested. Bird Dog seems as a good restaurant and is located in Palo Alto.
Alright, that seems good. I would like to make a booking at this restaurant.
For which time do you want the booking to be?
I will be eating there at 11:30 am so make it for then.
Can you please confirm that you want to book a table for 2 at 11:30 am at the Bird Dog restaurant in Palo Alto for today.
That suits me well. Can you tell me if they feature live music?
Your booking has been made without errors, but unfortunately they do not have live music.
Will I be able to find liquor there? Can you give me the address of their location?
The restaurant is located at 420 Ramona Street. Unfortunately they do not serve alcohol at the restaurant.
I appreciate it very much. That would be all.
Have a good time!
Hi i need a help, i am very hungry, I am looking for a restaurant
Sure, I will help you, What type of food are you looking for? Which city should i search in?
Some Punjabi kind of foods in milpitas
I found a good restaurant in Milpitas, The restaurant name is Anjappar Chettinad Restaurant
Ok, What is the address? How pricey are they?
Price range is moderate, The address is Milpitas Square
Ok, Find me another restaurant?
I found another restaurant for you, Aria Dining & Banquets Fine Indian Cuisine Restaurant at Milpitas
No, suggest me another Restaurant, Some Take-out type of food will be perfect
I found 2 Restaurants, Olive garden Italian Restaurant at Milpitas
Yes, it seems good for me
shall i reserve a table here for you?
Yes, I want it on the 11th
please tell me what time is the reservation for?
at afternoon 1:30
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table at Olive Garden Italian Restaurant at Milpitas on March 11th reservation time is 1:30 pm, The reservation is for 2 people
No, time change to twelve in the afternoon for one people
Please confirm the following details: the reservation time is 12 pm, The reservation is for 1 people
Yes
Congrats, your reservation is confirmed
What is the Restaurant address, Do they have live music, I love it
Sorry, They don't have live music, The restaurant address is 1350 Great Mall Drive
Thank you very much for your help
Shall i help you with anything else?
No, Thanks
You are welcome, have a great day
Help me find a good restaurant.
In which city are you looking for the restaurant and do you have any preferred cuisine?
Find me Ethiopian cuisine in Berkeley.
Of the 4 Ethiopian restaurants in Berkeley, Addis Restaurant is a good one.
Do they have live music?
I'm sorry. They do not have live music.
That's okay. I'd like to reserve a table for the 4th.
At what time will you be arriving at the restaurant?
Reserve the table for the 2nd of this month at 17:15.
Please confirm that you want to reserve a table for 2 at the Addis Restaurant in Berkeley for tomorrow at 5:15 pm.
That's right. Do they serve alcohol? And how expensive is the place?
Sorry the reservation was not successful. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can you check if a table is available at 17:30?
Okay.Please confirm that you want to reserve a table for 2 at the Addis Restaurant in Berkeley for tomorrow at 5:30 pm.
That's correct.
Your table has been reserved.
Thank you. That's all I need for now.
Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to eat.
Which city should I search in? What kind of food are you looking for?
Some Freshwater fish kind of food in Palo Alto would be perfect.
I found 4 restaurants. Odori Japanese Cuisine is a nice restaurant in Palo Alto.
Could you suggest any other restaurant?
P.f. Chang's is another nice restaurant in Palo Alto.
Yes, that works for me.
Would you like to reserve a table here?
Yes, I want to make a reservation for one. Make it at half past 6 in the evening.
Please confirm: Booking a table for 1 at P.f. Chang's at 6:30 pm today in Palo Alto.
Yes, that works for me. How pricey are they? What is their contact number?
Your reservation is successful. Their price range is moderate and their phone number is 650-330-1782.
Thank you very much.
Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you very much.
Have a good day.
I'd like to find a place to eat.
Where should I look? What kind of food are you in the mood for? You can say things like Mexican, Italian or any other kind of food.
Lobster sounds great. Please search in San Mateo.
I have found 9 restaurants. Andes Cafe San Mateo is a great restaurant in San Mateo.
What's their phone number?
Their number is 650-581-1305.
Any other suggestions?
Fuji Sukiyaki is another great choice in San Mateo.
Do they have live music?
They do not.
Any other suggestions?
Golden Wok would be a great choice in San Mateo.
That would work great. I would like to make a reservation there at evening 5:30 on March 14th.
Please confirm the following: You want to eat at Golden Wok in San Mateo on March 14th starting at 5:30 pm. The reservation would be for 2 people.
Yes, that would be great. Do they serve liquor or have live music?
Your reservation was successful. They do not play live music or serve alcohol.
Thanks so much!
Is there anything else today?
Nope, that'll be all. Thanks!
Have a great day!
I'm looking for a Filipino place to eat.
Which City are you looking at?
I want to eat in San Bruno
I have 3 restaurants, Cabalen is a nice one in San Bruno.
Any other suggestions?
What about Isla Restaurant in San Bruno?
How cheap is it and how much does it cost?
It is moderate pricing and they are at 448 San Mateo Avenue
Please can you make the reservation
What time for?
On the 12th at six pm
Please confirm: Booking a table for 2 at Isla Restaurant in San Bruno. It is on March 12th at 6 pm.
That's good. Do they serve liquor and what is there number?
Reservation made.The number is 650-588-6078 and they do serve alcohol.
Thanks a lot
Have a great day.
Can you help find a place to eat?
What kind of food like Indian or Chinese?
I would like Freshwater fish.
Do you have a city?
The city is San Jose.
I have one in San Jose called Ariake.
Yes that is fine.
Would you like a reservation?
Yes make it for March 10th.
What time would you like?
Reserve for six in the evening.
Please confirm Ariake in San Jose for 6 pm on March 10th for 2.
Yes what is the address and do they have live music?
The address is 1008 Blossom Hill Road and they do not have live music but your reservation is confirmed.
Thank you for all.
Is there anything else I can do?
No, that is all.
Thanks and have a good day.
My friend and I are looking for a place to eat.
Please tell me what type of food you are looking for just say Mexican, Chinese or anything else. Also what city would you like me to search int.
My family and I are in San Jose and the perfect place would have pizza and pasta. We don't have a price preference.
San Jose has a restaurant called Al Castello Ristorante that is nice.
Is there any other restaurant that you can suggest?
There is also a nice restaurant called Angelo's Italian Restaurant in San Jose.
Can I please have the address and contact number?
408-227-5502 is their phone and it is located at 436 Blossom Hill Road.
Is there any other restaurant that you can suggest?
There is another nice restaurant called Antonella's Ristorante in San Jose.
That restaurant will work can you please make a reservation for 12:30.
I will be booking a table at Antonella's Ristorante in San Jose. The reservation will be set at 12:30 pm for today. And it is for 2 people is this correct.
Yes, thank you that is correct.
I have successful made your reservation.
Thank you so much for setting that up.
Is there anything else that I can help you with.
That is all thank you so much.
Have a good day thank you.
Can you find me something economical to eat in Pleasanton.
Are you looking for Italian, Indian or something else?
I would like some Italian food.
Found 5 restaurants for you out of which De La Torre's Trattoria seems a great from Pleasanton.
Can you provide the address and do they have live music?
No, they do not have live music and its address is 6025 West Las Positas Boulevard.
Any other recommendation?
Forno Vecchio also seems nice and its located n Pleasanton as well.
Can you provide more options?
Another good restaurant in Pleasanton in Gay 90's Pizza Co.
That sounds like a good choice for me.
Is there anything else?
Yes, make a reservation at the restaurant.
What time do you want me to make the reservation?
I'll reach there at 1:30 pm.
Please confirm that you want to make a reservation at Gay 90's Pizza Co. which is located in Pleasanton for 2 people. The reservation is for today at 1:30 pm.
No, change the time to 7 pm and for one person only.
Alright, please confirm that the reservation is at 7 pm for 1 person.
No, change it on next friday.
Sure. Please confirm that the date is now next Friday and for 1 person.
Yes. Sounds good.
Your reservation is booked.
What is the address of the restaurant and do the have live music?
The address is 288 Main Street and No, they don't have live music either.
Alright, Thank you.
Have a great day.
I am looking to eat somewhere
What city would you like to go? Do you want American or Italian?
I want some breakfast in Fairfield
I recommend Mimi's cafe in fairfield
Do they have live music with liquor
They do not have live music but they do have alcohol
ok that works
Do you want me to reserve a table for you
Yes, please make reservation for one people this evening 4:45
Please confirm your booking at mimi's cafe in Fairfield for 1 people today at 4:45 pm
thats correct. What is their phone number what how expensive are they
Sorry, they are fully booked. Shall i try to make reservation for 1 people today at 5 pm? The price range is Moderate at mimi's cafe and their phone number is 707-421-0835
yes thats fine
your seat is booked
thanks
anything else i can help you with?
no thats it
have a nice day
I'm starving! Can you help me find a restaurant that serves Breakfast in Fairfield?
There is 1 restaurant that meets your needs. Mimi's Cafe in Fairfield serves breakfast.
Is there a band playing there?
No, unfortunately, they don't offer live music.
That's okay. It will work anyway.
Do you wish to make a reservation?
Yes, I'll need to make a reservation for a table for 2.
What time will you be visiting?
Please make it for half past 5 in the evening.
You'd like a table for 2 today at Mimi's Cafe in Fairfield at 5:30 pm. Is this correct?
I'm sorry, I need to change that. I'd like it on the 9th and it will be for 3 people.
Let's review those changes. You'd like the reservation on March 9th for 3. Have I got it right?
I'm sorry. I need to make it on Monday next week at half past 12 in the afternoon.
You'd like your reservation for 3 next Monday at 12:30 pm. Is that correct?
Yes, I'm sorry for the confusion. Can you tell me their phone number please?
The phone number is 707-421-0835. Your reservation is confirmed.
Great! Thank you so much for your help.
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
Can you help me find a place to eat at?
Which city are you looking in?
Cupertino, please.
What kind of food would you like? American, Indian, or something else?
Malaysian sounds good right now.
I've found 2 Malaysian restaurants in Cupertino. Merlion Restaurant & Bar is one.
What's the other one?
Rasa Sayang is also is Cupertino.
Does the restaurant have live music?
No, they do now.
Sounds fine to me. Can you help me make a reservation?
At what time?
A quarter past 5 in the evening, please.
So you'd like a reservation for 2 at 5:15 pm today, at Rasa Sayang in Cupertino?
No, I'd like it on March 13th.
So you'd like a reservation at 5:15 pm on March 13th?
No, I'd like it at half past 12 in the afternoon.
So you'd like a reservation at 12:30 pm on March 13th?
Yes, sounds good.
Your reservation is confirmed.
Does the restaurant serve alcohol?
No, the restaurant does not serve alcohol.
Thank you, that's all I need.
Have a nice day.
Hello, could you help me search for a place to dine in?
Sure thing, which area are you interested in and what is your preferred cuisine, such as Italian and Indian?
I would prefer a restaurant which serves up Cambodian food in SF.
I have managed to find a nice restaurant called Anh Hong which is located in San Francisco.
Are there any alternative restaurants?
Yes there is, Aux Delices is also a nice restaurant located in San Francisco.
Sure, that sounds great!
Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please do so.
What time would you like dine in at the restaurant?
I would prefer to dine in at 19:15.
Please confirm your reservation for 2 people at Aux Delices in San Francisco at 7:15 pm today.
Sorry, could you change the booking to 18:30 for 3 people?
Sure, please confirm your reservation at 6:30 pm for 3 people.
That's fine for me. May I know where they are located at?
They are located at 2327 Polk Street. Unfortunately, I was unable to make the reservation for you. Would you prefer a reservation at Aux Delices today for 3 people at 7 pm instead?
No, thank you anyway.
No problem, have a great day ahead!
I have a plan to eat out side for which I need some best places, can you search one for me?
Do you have any interested type of food to eat and in which city?
Asian kind of food will be good for me and please search it in Fremont City.
Found 3 results, Asian pearl Seafood Restaurant is the best one in Fremont city, hope you like it.
Yes, I like the same.
Shall I make a reservation at this restaurant?
Yes, make it at half past 1 in the afternoon that will be the perfect time to eat.
Please confirm to book a table for 2 persons in Asian Pearl Seafood REstaurant in Fremont at 1:30 pm on today.
change it to March 10th.
Please confirm to book for 2 persons on March 10th.
Yes, confirmed. continue with reservation.
Your booking was confirmed.
Thanks for your help.
Any other help you need?
No, thanks. that's all.
Have a great day.
I want to find a restaurant in Albany.
What type of restaurant would you like
Barbecue is the best.
I have 2 options. Cafe Eugene in Albany is a good choice.
What is the other option?
Juanita & Maude in Albany is great.
Yes that sounds good.
Would you like a table?
Yes please reserve me a table for the 13th of March.
What time would you like?
5 o"clock in the evening please.
Making a dinner reservation for 2 people at Juanita & Maude on March 13th at 5 pm in Albany. Is that Correct?
Yes is great.
Your reservation is successful.
Thanks for your help.
Is there anything else?
No that will be all.
Have a great day.
Can you pull up a list of places to eat?
Sure, what city should I search? And what kind of food would you like?
Search San Francisco for Asian Fusion food
Sure, I found 8 Immortals Restaurant in San Francisco
Is there live music?
Unfortunately no.
Do they serve alcohol? And what's their phone number?
No alcohol. The phone number is 415-731-5515
Okay great. Please make a reservation for a party of six.
Sure, what time?
half past 5 in the evening please.
Okay, got it. I will book a table at 8 Immortals Restaurant in San Francisco for 5:30 pm today, for 6 people.
That's correct. What's the address?
Apologies, I was unable to make this reservation. Can i help with with anything else?
I want a reservation at this restaurant. Can you make it for twelve pm? For four people.
Certainly, please confirm: Reservation at 8 Immortals Restaurant in San Francisco is for 12 pm today for 4 people.
Yes, thank you. How's the pricing? Low priced?
Great, reservation complete. The prices are inexpensive.
Thank you, that is all.
Have a great day
I'm looking for a good place to get something to eat, can you help?
Sure. What kind of food do you want? You can ask for Mexican, American, Sushi, or anything else. And also, what city should I search in?
Oh, I'm in Oakland. Please find an American restaurant.
I'd recommend Chop Bar in Oakland.
Are their prices extravagant? How can I contact them.
No, their prices are moderate. Their phone number is 510-834-2467.
Okay, that sounds good. Can you reserve a table for me?
What time would you like it?
Please reserve it for six pm.
Sure, please confirm that you'd like to book a table for 2 at Chop Bar in Oakland from 6 pm today.
Yes that's perfect. What's their address? Do they have a live band?
Your table is booked. You can find them at 247 4th Street. Unfortunately they don't do live music.
Okay thanks. That'll be all.
Okay, have a good night.
I'm looking for somewhere to eat.
Where should I search?
In Oakland.
What type of cuisine? For example, Chinese, American, or something else?
I want pizza and pasta.
I found 8 places. A16 is a nice restaurant in Oakland.
Do they have liquor?
Yes, they do.
Okay, that works for me.
Would you like to reserve a table there?
Yes, for two people please.
What time?
I want it at half past 5 in the evening.
Just to confirm, you want a table today at A16 in Oakland for 2 people at 5:30 pm?
Yes.
It was successful.
Thanks.
Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's okay.
Have a good day.
I'm looking for a restaurant.
In what city are you located and what type of food.
Asian Fusion in Concord.
Ozora Sushi is a restaurant in Concord.
Yes, that is good.
Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes, any date works.
What time would you like?
5 o"clock in the evening.
Ozora Sushi in Concord today for 2 people at 5 pm.
Yes, that is good.
Your reservation has been made.
What is the address and is there music?
It's at 785 Oak Grove Road and no music.
Thank you for your assistance.
Can I help with anything else?
No, that is all thank you.
Have a good day.
Are there any Mexican places in Rohnert Park?
Chili's Grill & Bar is in Rohnert Park.
Is it an inexpensive restaurant?
It is a moderate priced place.
What's their phone number?
It is 707-585-9069.
Are there any other restaurants? Something like Ramen would be good. I want something that is not very costly.
1 restaurant named Kyoto fits that description. It's in Rohnert Park as well.
That would be great!
Is there anything else I can do?
Make a reservation this morning 11:15 for three people.
Just to confirm: I am booking a table for 3 today at 11:15 am at the Rohnert Park location of Kyoto.
That's correct. What's their address?
Your reservation has been made. They are located at 5 Padre Parkway.
Is their music live?
No.
Okay. That was all I needed.
Have a great day.
I'm getting pretty hungry and need to find a place to eat.
What are your preference for a dining location?
I would like something that I can pick-up in San Fran at any price range.
There is a restaurant called Golden Gate Indian Cuisine & Pizza that is located in San Francisco.
Do they have music or entertainment? Can I have their phone number?
Sorry, they do not have live music. Their phone number is 415-564-5514.
I am on a budget so I would like something that is inexpensive but serves alcohol. Can you suggest another restaurant with these qualities?
I was able to locate 1 other nice restaurant called Hunan Empire Restaurant located in San Francisco.
Yes, that sounds like what I'm looking for.
Would you like for me to reserve a table here for you?
Yes, can you make the reservation for two people?
Sure, what time would you like me to set the reservation for?
Please make the reservation for the 13th of this month at afternoon 12.
Great, I have a dining reservation for 2 people, located at the Hunan Empire Restaurant in San Francisco, on March 13th at 12 pm. Does that sound correct?
Yes that sounds great. What is the address of the restaurant?
I've successfully made your reservation. The address for the restaurant is 2001 Union Street.
Thank you for all your help.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that was all I needed but thank you.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you help me find a restaurant?
Yes, which city shall I search?
I prefer Redwood City.
Do you have a preference regarding the type of food?
I would like Spanish food, economical pricing preferred.
Redwood City has 1 Spanish restaurant, Estampas Peruanas Restaurant.
That sounds good.
Shall i reserve a table?
Yes please make a reservation for four.
What time would suit you best?
Early evening 5:45 pm.
Please confirm: You would like to book a table, today at 5:45 pm, for 4 at Estampas Peruanas restaurant in redwood City?
Yes that is correct. Do you have their phone number?
Reservation has been placed successfully. Their contact number is 650-368-9340.
Thank you. That is all for now.
Have a lovely day.
I am looking for a place to eat. Can you find restaurants specializing in Singaporean cuisine near me?
Okay, where would you like to eat?
I am looking for restaurants located in Millbrae.
I found 1 result, Ipoh Garden Malaysian Cuisine located in Millbrae.
Great, thanks. What is their phone number? Do they serve alcohol?
No, alcohol is not served. Here's their phone number: 650-487-8737
Okay, sounds good.
Do you want to make a reservation?
Sure, that would be great.
Okay. What time should I make your reservation?
Eleven in the morning, please.
Okay. I have an 11 AM reservation for 2 people today, at Ipoh Garden Malaysian Cuisine in Millbrae. Is that correct?
Yes- that's perfect.
Okay! Your reservation is confirmed.
Wonderful. Thanks for your help.
My pleasure. Have a great day.
Can you help me find an afforadable place to eat?
What city do you want me to look in?
Please look for a place in Calistoga.
Is there any particular type of food you want, like Chinese, Mexican, or anything else?
I'm in the mood for Cambodian food.
There's a nice place called Calistoga Thai Kitchen in Calistoga.
Do you have any other suggestions? Actually, I think I'd prefer Barbecue.
I've found 1 restaurant that could work. It's Lovina in Calistoga.
Yeah, that does work for me.
Do you want me to reserve you a table?
Yeah, please make me a reservation.
What time would you like it to be?
It should be half past 12 in the afternoon. Oh, and make it for two.
Okay, so it's a reservation at Lovina in Calistoga at 12:30 pm today for 2 people?
Wait no, it's just 1 person.
Okay, so it's 1 person at 12:30 pm?
Yeah, also do they have live music and liquor there?
There is no live music or liquor, sorry. But I've made the reservation for you.
Okay, thanks. I don't need any more help.
Then you have a good day, take care.
I will be going to eat with a friend what expensive restaurants do you recommend?
What type of cuisine do you want? Mexican, Chinese or which one?
I want something with Fish but make it an average priced restaurant.
In what city do you want to look for?
I want to eat in Burlingame.
There are 2 possible restaurants. One of them is Grand Harbor located in Burlingame.
That sounds great. Please make a reservation.
At what time do you want to go?
At quarter to 1 in the afternoon.
Please confirm: Booking a table for 2 people at 12:45 pm for today at the Grand Harbor in Burlingame.
Yes, that is correct. Do you have the phone number?
The restaurant has been booked. Their phone number is 650-347-9988.
Thanks a lot, that would be all.
Have a great day.
I am tired of eating my cooking. I want to eat out tonight.
What type of cuisine would you like?
I am in the mood for Izakaya cuisine.
Which city would you like me to look in?
I want something in Rohnert Park
There is a lovely restaurant in Rohnert Park called Hana
That does not seems close by. Where is it located?
It is located on 101 Golf Course Drive.
Is there anything else? I want to go somewhere close to Pleasant Hill.
There are 2 options available in Pleasant Hill. I would like to recommend Matsu Sushi Japanese Restaurant.
Where is it located?
It is located on 1914 contra costa boulevard
It is closer and would work out perfectly for me.
Should I go ahead and reserve a table?
Yes, reserve it for me.
For what time?
8 in the night, for 1 person
I would like to confirm the following information: reservations for 1 for 8 pm today at the Matsu Sushi Japanese Restaurant at Pleasant Hill.
Great. Is there live music? Is it a costly restaurant?
I apologies, but I was not able to reserve a table for you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Try again to book a table for 2
I would like to confirm the following information: a table for 2 today at 8 pm at the Matsu Sushi Japanese Restaurant in Pleasant Hill.
I would like a table for 11:45 in the morning.
I would like to confirm the following information: reservations for 2 at 11:45 am
That would be great.
I apologies but I was not able to make the reservation. Should I try for 12 pm today for 2 persons at Matsu Sushi Japanese Restaurant?
That would be great.
I was able to make the reservation.
I appreciate your assistance.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, you have be most helpful.
Enjoy your day.
I am looking for an inexpensive place to eat that has live music.
Which city would you like to search? And what type of food would you prefer such as Mexican, Italian or something else?
I'd like some soup, and I'm looking in San Ramon.
Noodles And Company is a nice resturant in San Ramon.
What is their address and contact number?
Their phone number is 925-275-8105, and their address is 3141 Crow Canyon Place.
Yes, that would work.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please make the reservation for 7:30 pm.
I have booked a table at Noodles And Company in San Ramon at 7:30 pm today for 2 people. Is that correct?
Yes, that's great. Do they serve liquor?
Your reservation is booked. No, they do not serve alcohol.
Thank you, that is all I need.
Have a great day!
Can you help me find somewhere to eat?
Sure, what kind of food are you in the mood for, and in which city?
Search in Cupertino for Dumplings.
Cupertino has a dumpling restaurant called A Plus Cafe.
Is it expensive, and do they serve alcohol?
It's inexpensive, and yes, they serve alcohol.
Can you look for another place to eat in Santa Clara?
There's a nice place in Santa Clara called Chef Ming's.
Can you suggest something in the moderate price range?
How about China Stix in Santa Clara?
Great, can you make a reservation on the 7th of this month?
Yes, what time should I make it?
How about 7:30 pm.
Can you confirm the details for me? You're booking a table for 2 next Thursday at 7:30 pm at China Stix in Santa Clara.
Yes, that's right. Do they serve alcohol?
Your reservation has been confirmed. They don't serve alcohol.
Great, thanks, that's all I need.
Have a great day.
Hey! Today feeling so tired... Wish to have some food outside in a good restaurant... Can you find me one?
Yup! What kind of food do you like to have - Chinese, American, Italian etc? Which city you would prefer to have your lunch?
I would love to taste some Seafood in San Mateo. Please find some good hotels.
Please give me a moment. There are 9 restaurants with good rating and the top among them is Andes Cafe San Mateo located in San Mateo. Would you prefer to have your lunch here?
How much they charge? Can I have their street address?
They are located at 2317 South El Camino Real and their price range is neither costlier nor cheap, but only moderate.
Yup, that works. Please can you reserve at this restaurant?
Sure! At what time you wish to make your reservation?
Probably at quarter past 1 in the afternoon.
Okay! Confirm me the details that you wish to book a table at Andes Cafe San Mateo in San Mateo at 1:15 pm by today and the reservation would be for 2 persons, right?
Yup! sounds good. I've a question... Did liquor is provided at this restaurant?
Nope, they don't serve alcohol. You are all set. Successfully done with your reservation.
Thanks for your time.
Do you wish to know any other information?
Nope, thanks a lot.
Have a fantastic day.
I'm looking for somewhere in Dublin to have a meal and a drink.
What kind of food do you want to eat?
I feel like a burger.
I found 2 restaurants. One is the Black Angus Steakhouse in Dublin.
Do you have anything else?
Hot Crab is also located in Dublin.
Do they have live music? What's the price range?
The price range is moderate, there are no live music options.
Oh okay. Yeah sure that's fine.
Is there anything else?
I'd like to make a reservation.
Sure, what time?
5 pm please. There's 3 people in the group.
Okay. Please confirm that you'd like a booking for 3 at Hot Crab in Dublin today at 5 pm.
Yeah that works fine. What's their address and phone number?
You can call them on 925-999-9580 and their address is 4288 Dublin Boulevard #101-102. Your reservation has successfully been completed.
Thanks a lot!
Do you need anything else?
No thanks, that's all.
Okay, enjoy your meal.
I am bored of eating food from home , i need a change . Will you find me a place to eat? It can be costly priced and i am very fond of it
Which type of food you need whether Indian, Chinese or Anything other variety and In which city i should look for?
I need Pizza kind of food and i wish to eat in city Napa.
I found 1 Restaurant named as Bistro Don Giovanni which is located in Napa
Will you specify restaurant address and whether they have live music ?
Please note the address ,it is 4110 Howard Lane and they don't have Live music.
Ok its fine , i prefer the same.
Whether i need to reserve a table for you?
Yes sure, Please make a reservation and number of people is 2
At what time reservation to be?
Please fix it at 11:30 am
ok here are the details please check or review it . Table booked at Bistro Don Giovanni which is in city Napa. Reservation time is 11:30 am for 2 people and the date is today.
sorry make the reservation time as Morning 11:45
ok, please once again check the details. Reservation time for the table is at 11:45 am and for 2 people.
ok its great and sounds good .Please inform me the contact number of that restaurant?
Phone number is 707-224-3300 and your reservation is confirmed.
Whether they serve liquor?
sorry they do not serve alcohol .
ok thanks a lot for your kind help
Take care have a great day.
I'm starting to get hungry. I want to go eat at a nice restaurant.
Sure. What city would you like to eat in?
Milpitas.
Do you have a particular type of food you are craving? Mexican? American? Something else?
I feel like Cambodian tonight.
There is a Cambodian restaurant in Milpitas called Anh Hong.
That's exactly what I'm looking for.
Do you want me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, I'd like to try this place out.
Okay. At what time would you like to eat there?
6:30 pm. Please make the reservation for four people.
Sure. A reservation at Anh Hong in Milpitas for 4 at 6:30 pm today. Is that correct?
Perfect. What are the prices at Anh Hong like?
They have moderate pricing. Your reservation has been made.
Thanks. You've been a big help.
Have a nice day.
I'm planning on going out to eat later on. Can you help me find a place to eat at?
What sort of food do you want to eat and which city should I look in?
I'd like to go to a restaurant in Martinez that serves Thai food.
Okay, I found 1 nice restaurant in Martinez called Lemongrass Bistro.
What's their phone number and do they serve alcohol?
Their number is 925-387-0388 and they don't serve alcohol.
Okay, great. I want to make a reservation please.
When should I make it for?
Make the reservation for 7 pm.
Alright, please confirm that you'd like me to book a table for 2 at Lemongrass Bistro in Martinez for today at 7 pm.
No, make it for 1 person on next Monday please.
Okay, so you'd like a reservation for 1 person on next Monday, right?
Yup, that's right. Can you tell me if they have a live band?
Great, your reservation was made. And no, they don't have live music.
Do you know if their menu is inexpensive and what their address is?
Their address is 501 Main Street and their prices are moderate.
Great, thanks!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks. That's all I needed help with.
Have a nice day!
I am looking for an intermediate priced eating place in the nearby area.
What is your preference in regards to city and type of cuisine? You can say something like Italian, American or anything else.
Any place in Pleasanton which serves Ramen kind of food and also alcohol will be ideal.
There is a nice restaurant called Meiko Sushi in Pleasanton.
That is good a good choice. Please make a reservation for six people for 3rd of March.
What is the time for Reservation?
Reserve it for Twelve pm.
So, a table reservation at Meiko Sushi in Pleasanton will be for 12 pm on the day after tomorrow for 6 people. Please confirm the aforementioned details.
Yes that is good.
The reservation is successful.
Thank you.
Do you need any further assistance from me?
No. This should be enough for now.
Have a good day.
I would like to it in a place in Pleasanton.
What food would you like to eat?
I would love some Noodles
I have for you 3 option .One is a nice restaurant located in Pleasanton named Andy & Yu's.
Can you tell me the phone number?
925-750-8888 is the phone number
Sounds good
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes make it for 2 people
At what time you want to be?
I want to be at 6:45 in the evening
Book a table at Andy & Yu's in Pleasanton at 6:45 pm today for 2 person is correct?
No make it please at 12:45 for 4 people
Reservation at 12:45 pm for 4 people Is OK?
Yes is good.Tell me please if they serve Liquor and if they have a price range average priced
Sorry the reservation was unsuccessful.Price range is moderate and they dont serve alcohol.Andy & Yu's is a nice place shall I try to meke a reservation for 4 person today at 12:30 pm?
Yes is ok
Reservation was successful made.
Thank you very much that s all I need
Have a great day!
I'd like to find a place to eat.
What city would you like to eat in and what kind of food do you like?
I'd like a Barbecue food restaurant in Campbell.
THere are 3 restaurants located in Campbell. Effie's Restaurant & Bar is nice.
Is Liquor available? Where are they located?
The address is 331 West Hacienda Avenue and they don't serve alcohol.
Do you have any other suggestions that are also affordable?
There are 2 restaurants in Campbell. Flights Restaurant Campbell is nice.
I'd like another kind of restaurant. I'd like Sushi.
Furusato in Campbell is a nice restaurant.
That's great.
Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes I'd like to make a reservation.
What time are you looking to book?
Please can you book it for 7:15 pm.
OK so you would like to book a table for 2 today at Furusato in Campbell for 7:15 pm.
No, I'd like to book for March 14th.
So to confirm, you would like a table at Furusato on March 14th.
Perfect.
Your booking has been confirmed.
Do they serve alcohol? what is their phone number?
Their number is 408-370-1300 and they don't serve alcohol.
That's great. I don't need anything else right now.
Enjoy your day.
Will you find me a place to eat?
Which city?
Palo Alto.
What kind of food?
Brazilian.
I found Pampas in Palo Alto.
Great. Please make a reservation.
What time?
Quarter past 5 in the evening.
Please confirm a table at Pampas in Palo Alto at 5:15 pm for 2 people today.
No, change it to evening 6:15.
Okay. A table at Pampas at 6:15 pm.
Great. How pricey? What's their number?
I've made your reservation. It's expensive. Phone number is 650-327-1323.
Thanks.
Anything else?
No, thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
Will you find me somewhere to eat?
Sure, what style are you in the mood for? How about Chinese or Mexican?
I really need good pasta, I'm underweight.
Of course, where do you want to go?
Campbell please, thanks.
You have 5 options: The top choice is A Bellagio Italian Restaurant in Campbell.
I need someplace cheaper. I want to eat a lot for not very costly.
Try Buca Di Beppo Italian Restaurant. It's in Campbell.
Where are they located?
1875 South Bascom Avenue is their street address.
What's the situation with live music there?
Sorry, no live music.
Please give a better choice.
Try Dicicco's Ristorante Italiano Autentico. It's in Campbell.
You have found a winner.
Can I get you a table?
Please do that.
What time do you want to show up there?
5:30 pm should be prime pasta time.
Ok, Let's be clear: 2 people for Dicicco's Ristorante Italiano Autentico. Today at 5:30 pm. in Campbell.
Do they have been and liquor?
I have your appointment set up. They do serve alcohol.
Great, I want to toast the victory of the team.
What else would you like?
Nothing much. I'm good.
Enjoy your pasta.
I want to eat out at an intermediate priced location, can you find me some options?
What food do you fancy? Is there anywhere you particularly want to go?
I want to go to Milpitas. Spicy Indian food sounds perfect.
I found 4 restaurants- how about Anjappar Chettinad Restaurant in Milpitas?
Is there live music? What's the contact number?
The contact number is 408-435-5500, but they don't have live music.
Well, it works for me, can you make a reservation for 4 people at 1 o"clock in the afternoon?
So I'll book a table for 4 at Anjappar Chettinad Restaurant in Milpitas for 1 pm today. Is that okay?
No, actually I want it for 3 people, and at evening 7:45.
I've updated the reservation for 3 people, at 7:45 pm. Is that okay?
Yes, that sounds good.
I'm sorry, but the reservation was unavailable. Shall I try something else?
No, thanks a lot.
Have a good day!
I am planning to go out for dinner. Can you find me restaurants nearby?
Do you have a specific area in mind where you would like to eat.
I would like to eat in Milpitas and the restaurant should be in the moderate price range.
Is there a particular cuisine you would like?
I am looking for restaurants that offer Take-out.
There are 2 restaurants in Milpitas I have found. The Olive Garden Italian Restaurant meets your criteria.
What is the other restaurant you mentioned?
The other restaurant in Milpitas is Red Chillies The Malabar Cuisine.
Where are they located?
They are located at 167 South Main Street.
I like that location. I would like to make a reservation at Red Chillies The Malabar Cuisine.
At what time would you like the reservation?
The reservation needs to be at 11 am.
The reservation is for today at Red Chillies The Malabar Cuisine at 11 am in Milpitas. The reservation is for 2 people. Is this correct?
The reservation should be for March 14th.
The reservation is in Milpitas on March 14th. Is this correct?
Please make the reservation for 18:00.
The reservation is for March 14th and 6 pm. Is this correct?
Yes, that is correct.
Your reservation has been made.
Does the restaurant have any live entertainment? Is their contact information available?
They do not have live entertainment. The restaurant's phone number is 669-213-9385.
I greatly appreciate your time.
May I assist you with anything else?
No. Thank you again.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I'm feeling hungry, do you know of any places that average priced?
Is there any particular food you're looking for, such as Italian, American, or anything else?
I'm feeling a craving for Noodles.
What city would you like me to look in?
Look for a place in Dublin.
There are 7 restaurants that could work. There's a nice one called China Paradise Restaurant in Dublin.
Yeah, I like the sound of that.
Do you want me to reserve you a table.
Yeah, reserve me a table for one person please.
And what time would you like this reservation.
I want it on the 7th of March at 13:00.
Your reservation will be for 1 person next Thursday at 1 pm at China Paradise Restaurant in Dublin. Is that correct?
Sorry, it's actually for the 8th of March.
So China Paradise Restaurant next Friday, is that right?
Yeah, you got it. Do they have liquor over there?
I'm sorry, they don't serve alcohol. I've made the reservation for you.
Thank you, you're great. That'll be all.
Very well, take care.
I'm looking for somewhere to eat with my girlfriend, do you know of any good restaurants?
What city should I search for the best restaurants?
I want something with a moderate priced in Petaluma. It also needs to serve alcohol.
What type of food do you want to eat?
Some type of curry would be great, so Indian or Thai maybe.
I found 1 restaurant, Shree Indian Cuisine. It's a nice restaurant in Petaluma.
Yeah, that's great!
Do you want to make a reservation here?
Yes, I'd like to book a table.
What time would you like the reservation?
How about 11 in the morning?
Okay, making a reservation for 2 people Shree Indian Cuisine in Petaluma at 11 am today. Is that correct?
No, just for 1 person.
Okay, making the reservation for 1 person at Shree Indian Cuisine in Petaluma.
Yep, that's perfect. What's the restaurant's address?
Your reservation has been booked. The restaurant is located at 220 Western Avenue.
Thanks so much!
Can I help with anything else?
No thank you.
Have a great day!
I'm on a budget and I am looking for a cafe that is not very costly.
What type of food are you in the mood for? How about Italian, Indian, something else?
I am really hungry for Pizza and Pasta.
Where would you like to eat at, what city?
I have to have something in San Francisco.
I have a good option, try 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in San Francisco.
Yes, please get me a reservation there.
when would you like to eat?
Please reserve at quarter past 5 in the evening.
Let me clarify your plans: You want a table at 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in San Francisco at 5:15 pm. today for 2?
Yes, exactly please.
I apologize, I was unable to process this. how about trying a reservation for 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano for 2 today at 5:30 pm instead?
No, I don't want that.
What else can I help with?
Nothing, you've done quite enough.
Have a good day.
I'm hungry. Find places to eat please.
Sure thing. Which city would you like to eat in?
Let's go with Foster City please.
Sure. What kind of food are you hungry for?
Spicy Indian sound really good.
One moment. I found a great restaurant called Pastries N Chaat in Foster City.
Give me other suggestions as well
How about, Tabla Indian Restaurant in Foster City?
Can you find out if they are average priced?
sure. The price range would be inexpensive.
Perfect. That works
Should I reserve for you?
Yes, go ahead and do that.
No problem. What time would you like a reservation for?
How about this afternoon 1:45.
One moment. Please confirm a reservation for 2 people, at Tabla Indian Restaurant in Foster City. At 1:45 pm today. Does this sound right?
No it doesn't. Change to 5:45 pm on the 4th of this month please.
One moment. Just to confirm: Your reservation is for 5:45 pm for next Monday. Does this sound right?
Yes. that is perfect.
Just to confirm, your reservation is successfully booked.
Thanks, that is all i needed.
Your welcome. Have a great day.
Can you find a place to eat?
What kind of food are you looking for? An example can be Chinese, American or anything else.
Some Sichuan food would be good.
Which city should I search in?
Look in Mountain View.
I found 3 restaurants. One of them is China Wok located in Mountain View.
Is the restaurant inexpensive?`
The price range is moderate.
Can you suggest a restaurant with inexpensive pricing?
Hunan Chili is an inexpensive restaurant in Mountain View.
What is the address? Do they have live music?
The street address is 102 Castro Street. They do not have live music.
Yes, that's perfect. I want to reserve a table for 4.
What time should I reserve for?
6 in the evening.
Ok, I will reserve a table for 4 at Hunan Chili in Mountain View. The reservation is today at 6 pm.
That works for me. What is the restaurant's phone number?
Your reservation is successful. Their phone number is 650-969-8968.
Do they serve alcohol?
Yes, they serve alcohol.
Thanks. That's all I need.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
I would like to find a Chinese food restaurant.
In which city?
Search in San Mateo.
There are 5 restaurants, Gau Poang is a nice restaurant located in San Mateo.
How expensive are they?
The price range is moderate.
Can you suggest other restaurants in SF?
Alice's restaurant is located in San Francisco.
Can you suggest another restaurant?
Bamboo Restaurant is located in San Francisco.
What is the address?
The address is 1441 Polk Street.
Ok, make a reservation at 12 o"clock in the afternoon.
Please confirm you are booking a table for 2 at Bamboo Restaurant, located in San Francisco today at 12 pm.
Yes, how expensive are they?
Your reservation has been made. The price range is inexpensive.
Thank you, that's everything.
Have a nice day.
Can you find me place to eat?
What kind of food would you like to have and where would you like me to search in?
Food kind of California will be perfect in SF.
There are 10 restaurants, Al's Place is one of the good restaurant in San Francisco.
Can you look for any other restaurant?
Alta Msp is one of the good restaurant in San Francisco.
Can you find me the address?
The street address of the restaurant is 1275 Minnesota Street.
Can you find me any other restaurant?
Aq is one of the good restaurant in San Francisco.
Do they play live music and is the price range low-cost?
They do not play live music and the price range is very expensive.
Okay. That sound good to me.
Do you want my help with anything else?
Can you help me in making a reservation at the restaurant?
What time should i make the reservation for?
The timing will be half past 7 in the evening.
Please confirm the details: You want me to make a reservation at Aq in San Francisco for today at 7:30 pm for 2 people.
Yes, that sounds great to me.
Your reservation is successfully made.
That will be all. Thank you.
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day.
I am searching for a eating place with a intermediate priced
Which city you are interested and what is the type of food you are searching for like American, Mexican etc
Some Izakaya kind of food good in Foster City
I have found out 2 restaurant for you and one of them is Tokai Japanese Restaurant located in Foster city is a nice one.
Can you tell me other restaurant names?
The restaurant Tokyo Village Grill & Sushi located in Foster City is a nice one.
Are there any live music?
There is no live music.
Ok. that is perfect for me and want to reserve that restaurant on March 4th.
What is the reservation time?
Do the reservation at evening 6:30
please give the confirmation details:Booking the table at Tokyo Village Grill & Sushi at Foster City and the reservation is for 2 people at 6:30 pm on next monday
This is perfect. what is the address and contact number?
Your booking is done and their address is 1221 Chess Drive with phone number 650-341-6888
Thanks a lot. That is all i want.
have a great Day.
i am meeting my friend after a long time and i wish to eat along with him. Will you find a place to eat and i don't have a price preference.
Fine, Its sounds good. What type of food are you looking for ? whether American, Indian or anything else. Which city do you prefer?
I like Pizza and Pasta kind of food and the place should be in San Francisco.
There are 10 restaurants. One among is 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano which is a nice restaurant located in San Francisco
I need their contact number? Please provide me
Their Phone Number is 415-543-5100
Ok, that great and sound good to me.
Whether i need to reserve a table here?
Yes i wank to make a reservation at 6 in the evening.
Ok Please check and verify the following details so that i will confirm. Table has been booked at 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in the city San Francisco and the reservation time is at 6 pm for 2 people and the date is today.
Ok, very perfect. Book it. Do they have live music?
Reservation is confirmed. They don't have live music.
Tell me their address?
Their address is 16 Mint Plaza
Thanks a lot and thanks for your help
Whether i need to find any other thing?
No, thank a lot
Take care have a great day
Can you help me locate a place to eat?
Which city should I look in and what type of food would you like? Please say Chinese, American or anything else.
Some Punjabi food would be great. Please look in Pleasanton.
I found 7 restaurants in Pleasanton. The first one is Aappakadai.
Do they have live music?
No, they do not.
That is fine. Please make a reservation.
What time would you like the reservation for?
Please make if at 12:15.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table for 2 at Aappakadai in Pleasanton for today at 12:15 pm.
Yes, that is correct. What is their address and phone number?
Sorry, I was unable to make the reservation. The phone number is 925-750-7709 and the address is 4555 Hopyard Road. Aappakadai is a nice restaurant. Shall I try for a reservation for 2 at 12 pm today?
No thank you.
Have a good day.
I'm looking for somewhere to eat.
Where should I look? And what type of cuisine?
I'd like pizza and somewhere in Sunnyvale.
I found 3 places. Gumba's is a good place in Sunnyvale.
What's their number?
It's 408-737-8384
Do they serve alcohol? What's their address?
yes they do. they are located on 176 South Murphy Avenue.
That works. I want to reserve a table.
What time?
Make it in the evening 7:15.
Just to confirm, you want a table at Gumba's in Sunnyvale for 2 people today at 7:15 pm?
No, make it in the afternoon 12:30.
Okay, so a reservation for 2 at 12:30 pm?
No, I want it to be for next tuesday, and only for one person.
Okay, a table for 1 next tuesday?
Yes.
It was successful.
Thanks, that's everything.
Have a good day.
I'm getting a craving for Diner food, can you help me look for a place?
What's the city I should look in?
Look in San Fran.
There are 10 restaurants that fit what you're looking for. 1760 is a nice restaurant that's in San Francisco.
Okay, that sounds good.
Do you want me to make a reservation?
Yeah, please make a reservation.
What time do you want the reservation for.
I want it for the evening 4:45.
Okay, I'll you want a reservation at 1760 in San Francisco for 2 people, today at 4:45 pm, is that correct?
No, it's just for one person. And on second though, can you make it at 6 pm.
So the reservation is for 1 person at 6 pm, correct?
Yeah, that's correct. Can you tell me their address?
They're located at 1760 Polk Street. I've successfully made your reservation.
Thanks so much.
Do you need any further help?
No, thanks again.
Okay then, take care.
I'd like to find somewhere to eat. Someplace intermediate priced.
What kind of food are you interested in, and in which city should I conduct my search?
Something Southern in the San Jose area would be great.
There's a nice restaurant by the name of 71 Saint Peter in San Jose.
Do you have any other suggestions? Maybe someplace with live music that also serves alcohol.
Hukilau is another nice restaurant in San Jose that meets that criteria.
What's their number?
The number for Hukilau is 408-279-4888.
And their address?
The address for Hukilau is 230 Jackson Street.
Do you have anymore restaurant suggestions?
Another nice restaurant in San Jose is Rosie Mccann's Irish Pub & Restaurant.
Sounds great.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you there?
Yes. Make it for a quarter to 12 in the morning.
To confirm: You'd like me to make a reservation for today a 11:45 am for 2 guests at Rosie Mccann's Irish Pub & Restaurant in San Jose, correct?
Yes, that's perfect. What's their address and phone number again?
Your reservations has been made. The address is 355 Santana Row #1060, and the phone number is 408-247-1706.
Thank you so much for all of your help.
Enjoy your day.
Please search for an economical priced place to eat that serves alcohol.
What kind of food do you prefer? Which city should the search use?
I prefer it in Oakland. I am craving Pizza.
Your search found 4 restaurants. One is Belotti Ristorante E Bottega which is located in Oakland.
Do they happen to have live music? What is their phone number?
Their number is 510-350-7619. They do not happen to have live music.
Are there other restaurant options?
Contrasto is a nice restaurant and located in Oakland.
That will do.
Is there anything else you needed help with?
I want to make a restaurant reservation.
What time did you prefer?
I would like it to be half past 11 in the morning.
Please say yes to confirm the following. Booking a table at Contrasto in Oakland with a reservation at 11:30 am today. The reservation is a party of 2.
Its actually a party of 4.
Please say yes to confirm the following. The city is Oakland, and the reservation is for a party of 4.
That will do.
Your reservation has been made.
Can you tell me what their address is?
Thier address is 388 Grand Avenue.
Thank you. That is all.
Have a pleasant day.
I want a good place to eat that is fancy priced
what kind of food do you want? There is Mexican, Indian or anything else. What city do I need to search in?
I need it in SFO. French food will be perfect.
Bistro Aix is a good restaurant in San Francisco
Yes that works. I want a reservation at a nearby restaurant.
what time for the reservation?
I want it at 13:15
Confirm Bistro Aix and the city is San Francisco. Reservation os 1:15 pm and for 2 people today
Is there live music?
No live music at Bistro Aix but I shall try a reservation for 2 people today at 1:30 pm.
Yes that works
The reservation was a success
Thanks that is all
Have a good one
I would like to look for a place where I could eat.
What kind of food do you prefer to eat? Which city are you located now?
Please look in Dublin, a burger is perfect to have now.
I have found 1 restaurant that you might like, maybe you like McDonald's in Dublin?
I want a restaurant with music.
Yes, they have live music.
Alright, please make a reservation for me at this evening 7:15.
Please do confirm the following details: book seats at McDonald's in Dublin at 7:15 pm for 2 people today.
Please make it at 7 pm.
Please do confirm the following details: book seats at McDonald's in Dublin at 7 pm.
Actually its for 3 people on 14th of March.
Please do confirm the following details: book seats at McDonald's in Dublin for 3 people on March 14th.
Yes, that's right. How about the price range, is it very fancy?
The reservation has been successful. Price range is inexpensive.
Thank you, that's all for now.
Have a wonderful day!
My husband and I want to have dinner out. Are there any good places to eat around here?
What city are you interested in?
I would like to stay around Milpitas.
What kind of cuisine would you prefer?
I would really like some Latin American food.
There is a great restaurant called Baja Cactus in Milpitas.
That's great, are there any other restaurants, maybe in Santa Clara?
Santa Clara has a nice restaurant named El Amigo Burrito.
How expensive are they?
Their prices are inexpensive.
Do you have any other suggestions?
Santa Clara also has a great restaurant called La Paloma.
Great, that's the one I want.
Should I reserve a table for you?
Yes, please. I want to eat there.
What time is best for you?
How about 12:30 in the afternoon?
Please confirm your reservation. I have booked a table for 2 at La Paloma in Santa Clara at 12:30 pm today. Is that correct?
Yes, that is correct? Can you tell me their address and if they are having live music?
Great, I have booked your reservation. They will not have live music this evening, and the address is 2280 El Camino Real.
Thank you so much! That's everything.
Have a wonderful day!
Do you know of any places to eat in San Francisco?
Is there a specific food you're looking for, for example Indian, Italian, or anything else?
American food would really hit the spot.
There's a nice restaurant called 1760 in San Francisco.
Do you have any other suggestions? I would prefer something with a moderate price range.
There are 10 restaurants that match. There's a nice restaurant called Academy Bar and Kitchen that's in San Francisco.
Do you have their phone number? And do they serve liquor?
You can call them at 415-775-1800. And they do not serve alcohol.
Okay, that works. Please make me a reservation for 12:45 pm.
So you'd like a 12:45 pm reservation today at Academy Bar and Kitchen in San Francisco for 2 people, is that right?
Yeah, that's it.
I've made the reservation.
Thanks so much.
Do you need any further help with anything?
No, thanks a lot.
Okay, have a good rest of you day.
I'm looking for restaurants.
In which city?
In Oakland.
Which cuisine? Maybe Mexican or Indian?
I like Fish best.
I found 7 restaurants matching this query. One is Alamar Kitchen & Bar in Oakland.
Any other options?
There's Judoku Sushi in Oakland.
Any others? I want something afforadable.
I found 4 restaurants to match. One is Lake Chalet in Oakland.
Do they have liquor and live music?
They do have liquor and live music.
That works. I want to make a reservation.
For what time?
For two people, 10:30 in the morning.
Please confirm: Table for 2 at Lake Chalet, 10:30 am today in Oakland.
That works. What's their address and number?
Sorry, I couldn't make that reservation. Can I help with something else
Try booking again, for 1 person at 12:30.
Please confirm: Table for 1 at Lake Chalet, 12:30 pm today in Oakland.
That's perfect.
Reservation complete.
Thanks, that's all I need.
Have a nice day.
I would like to find a place to eat.
What kind of food are you wanting? And where should I search?
Find me a sushi place in Alameda.
I have found a restaurant called Angel Fish in Alameda.
That works for me. I would like to make a reservation.
What time should the reservation be?
I would like it at afternoon 1:15.
Please confirm the following: You want a table at Angel Fish in Alameda at 1:15 pm today for 2 people.
Yup, that's correct.
Your reservation has been made.
Thanks so much. That's all for today.
Have a wonderful day.
Hi I'm hungry and also need to let loose tonight. Can you find me a place to eat that serves alcohol?
Sure, what city would you like to dine in and what kind of cuisine are you looking for?
I'm in the mood for some Chinese food tonight, preferably in Millbrae.
I managed to find 1 restaurant in Millbrae, it's called Tai Wu Restaurant. I think you'd like it.
That sounds good to me.
Should I reserve a table for you?
Yes, that would be great. Please make a reservation.
What time would you like to dine at?
I'd like to be there at evening 7:30.
So you'd like a table for today at Tai Wu Restaurant for 2 people at 7:30 pm in Millbrae. Is that correct?
That sounds great.
Your reservation has been booked!
What is the address of the restaurant?
The restaurant is located at 300 El Camino Real.
Thanks for everything, that's all I needed.
Enjoy your day!
I'd like to find a place to eat in this city.
What kind of restaurants are you interested in? Which city should I search?
Look for burger restaurants in Campbell.
There's a good restaurant in Campbell called Effie's Restaurant & Bar
What is Effie's address and do they serve drinks?
They don't serve drinks but their address is 331 West Hacienda Avenue.
I'd like to make a reservation there.
What time would you like your reservation?
Make it on the 4th of this month please in the evening 6:30.
Please confirm your request: You'd like to book a table for 2 at Effie's Restaurant & Bar in Campbell at 6:30 pm for next Monday.
No I'd like a reservation on the 1st.
Please confirm the city you're booking in is Campbell and the date is for today.
No the reservation is for 3 people.
Please confirm: the reservation you want is for 6:30 pm for 3 people.
Yes, sounds good.
Great, I made the reservation.
Do they play live music and what is their phone number?
Their phone number is 408-374-3400 and they don't have live music.
Thanks, that's all.
Have a great day.
What would be a good place to eat?
What sort of food are you looking for? Mexican, American, etc? And which city should I search in?
I want some Noodles, and search in Berkeley.
Upon searching I have found 6 restaurants. There's one called Crave Asia which is pretty nice and situated in Berkeley.
Do you have their number? And do they have live music?
Unfortunately no, they do not have live music, however here is the number: 510-558-8367.
I think that works out, make a reservation at the restaurant.
What time should the reservation be for?
11:30 in the morning seems good.
Okay, please confirm the details one more time: Booking a table for 2 people at Crave Asia in Berkeley, the reservation should be for 11:30 AM and the date is today, correct?
Yeah, that's good. Do they serve liquor, and what is their address?
Your reservation is successful. Their address is 1301 San Pablo Avenue and no, they do not serve alcohol.
Okay, thank you very much.
Is there anything else you want help with?
No, I do not. Thank you.
Have a great day.
I am looking for somewhere to eat? Do you know of any good places?
What kind of food do you have a taste for? Are you looking for somewhere near by?
I was thinking in Petaluma. Preferably a Pizza place.
I've found 4 in Petaluma, Brixx Pizzeria is a nice restaurant.
Are there any others?
Cucina Paradiso is also a nice one in Petaluma.
Any other suggestions?
Risibisi is another nice restaurant in Petaluma.
Is it an inexpensive restaurant? What is the address?
Their prices are moderate. The address is 154 Petaluma Boulevard North.
That sounds like a good choice.
Would you like me to make a table reservation?
Yes. Reserve it for half past 1 in the afternoon.
Please confirm that you are booking a table at risibisi in Petaluma. Your reservation will be at 1:30 pm. Set for today for 2 people.
That works for me. Do they serve alcohol?
Your table is reserved. Yes they serve alcohol.
What number can I reach them at? Do they have live music?
The phone number is 707-766-7600. They do not have live music.
Thanks. That is all.
Have a great day.
I need a place to eat.
In which city should I search and what type of food are you interested in. Please specify if you want American, Mexican or something else.
I'm looking for brunch in San Fran.
There is a nice restaurant named 1300 On Fillmore located in San Francisco.
Is there a different restaurant you can suggest.
There is another nice restaurant named the Absinthe Brasserie & Bar in San Francisco.
Is there any other restaurant you can suggest?
Aperto is another nice restaurant in San Francisco.
Is there live music there?
No. Sorry,there is not live music.
Where are they located?
They are located at 1434 18th Street.
Yes. I would like to book a table.
What time would you like me to reserve?
I need it for 11:00.
Please confirm you want me to reserve a table for 2 people at 11 am at Aperto in San Francisco today.
Yes, perfect. Is it in the very fancy price range?
Your reservation was a success. The restaurant is in the moderate price range.
Can I have their contact phone?
The restaurant's phone number is 415-252-1036.
Thanks. That's all.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I need to find somewhere to get a good meal in Pleasanton, can you help?
Sure, what kind of food do you want? You can request American, Mexican, or anything else.
I want Japanese food, my girlfriend is from Osaka, I'm trying to impress her.
Okay, I found 4 good Japanese places. How about Meiko Sushi in Pleasanton?
Is there anything else? I want something a bit more afforadable.
I found 2 affordable places in Pleasanton. How about P.f. Chang's?
Do they serve liquor and play live music?
They do serve liquor, but they don't play live music.
Okay, that'll be fine.
Would you like to book a table?
Yes thanks, please book it.
What time would you like to book?
7:45 in the evening please.
Okay, please confirm that you'd like to book a table for 2 at P.F. Chang's in Pleasanton for 7:45 pm today.
Yes, that's perfect.
Sorry, I couldn't book the table. How about booking the table at P.F. Chang's for 2, today at 7:30 pm instead?
Yeah, that's okay.
Okay, it's booked for you.
Thanks. Where are they? How can I call them?
They're at 1330 Stoneridge Mall Road and you can call them on 925-224-9916.
Okay, thanks. That's all for today.
Okay, see you.
Do you know a place to eat?
Which city are you looking?
Do you know a place to eat in Petaluma?
What kind of food?
I am looking for an Italian restaurant.
In Petaluma there are 4 restaurants. Brixx Pizzeria is a nice one.
What's the number of the restaurant? Is there live music?
They do have live music. The number is 707-664-1418.
I would like to make a reservation for six at a restaurant.
What time do you want the reservation?
At 5 pm.
You want to make a reservation at 5 pm today for 6 people at Brixx Pizzeria in Petaluma?
Yes that's right. What's the address?
Done. The address is 16 Kentucky Street.
That's all. Thanks.
Good day.
Hello! I am looking for a place to eat.
Which city would you like to eat at?
I would prefer to eat at Pleasanton.
Do you have any food preferences, such as American, Indian or some other cuisine?
I would like something on the lines of Izakaya food.
There is a nice restaurant called Meiko Sushi located in Pleasanton.
Sure, that sounds great!
Would you like me to make a reservation there?
Sure! Please reserve a table for me at 12:30 pm.
Please confirm your reservation for 2 at Meiko Sushi in Pleasanton at 12:30 pm today.
Yes, that's fine for me.
Sorry, I was not able to make the reservation due to certain issues. Can I further assist you?
How about placing a reservation at 19:15 instead?
Sure! Please confirm your reservation for 2 at Meiko Sushi in Pleasanton at 7:15 pm today.
That is fine for me. What is their address and do they serve liquor?
My apologies, I was not able to make the reservation. Alternatively, would you like a for 2 at Meiko Sushi in Pleasanton at 7:30 pm today instead? They are located at 4301 Valley Avenue B.
Sure, that sounds great!
Your reservation has been made.
Thank you, that's all the help I need.
No problem! Have a great day ahead!
I'm looking for restaurants to dine in.
What city and what kind of cuisine are you interested in?
I'd like to try Punjabi food, somewhere in SFO.
I've found 10 possible options - Amber in San Francisco has 4.2 stars.
Does that restaurant serve alcohol?
Amber restaurant does not serve liquor.
Alright, that works for me.
Would you like to reserve a table in this restaurant?
I think so, yes.
What time would you like to arrive at?
I'd like to reserve the table for lunch, so 11 o"clock in the morning, for 2 people.
To review: You'd like to make an 11 am reservation at Amber restaurant in San Francisco for 2 people, today.
That sounds right, yeah.
Your table has been reserved.
That's all I need today, thanks.
Have a great day.
I have a friend visiting from out of town and need to find somewhere good for us to eat. Can you look up restaurants in San Jose?
Sure, what kind of food are you interested in?
Some kind of Freshwater fish would be great.
I found 10 possible options in San Jose. How about Ariake?
How expensive is it?
Looks like it's in the moderate range.
Ok, that sounds good.
Did you want to go ahead and make a reservation?
Yes, please do.
What time would you like it at?
Can you make it on the 10th of this month at a quarter to 7 in the evening?
Sure. Just to confirm, you'd like to make a reservation for 2 people at Ariake in San Jose on March 10th at 6:45 pm. Is that right?
Yes, that's perfect.
Sorry, the reservation won't go through for some reason. Is there anywhere else you'd want to go?
Can you try making the reservation for 1 in the afternoon?
Sure. Just to confirm, you'd like to make a reservation for 2 people at Ariake in San Jose on March 10th at 1 pm. Is that right?
No, actually, change that to Tuesday next week.
Ok, just to confirm, I'm making the reservation at Ariake for next Tuesday.
Yes, that's perfect.
Ok, I've made your reservation.
Great, thank you!
Anything else I can help with?
No, thank you.
Have a good day.
I think dining out will be a wonderful thing. Look for a suitable place please.
Do you prefer any city and what should be the menu?
It will be fine at San Francisco and pizza and pasta will cherish me.
Then 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in San Francisco will be the right one.
Great, make a reservation for me.
When you would like to dine at?
5:30 in the evening.
Please confirm, Today at 5:30 pm in San Francisco, table 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano for 2 people.
Please make it on March 3rd for 3 people.
It is ok, now verify for 3 people on day after tomorrow.
will you make it at 11:30 am on 7th of March?
The details of reservation are, time 11:30 am on next Thursday.
Ok, its fine. thank you.
Reservation is successful, good luck.
Grateful, thank you.
Have a wonderful day.
I am meeting a friend for food later. Can you find me a pricey place nearby?
Are you looking for Mexican, American, or some other type of food?
A place with pasta will be perfect?
What city are you meeting in?
We are meeting in San Francisco.
There is a nice restaurant in San Francisco called Ala Romana.
Are there any other nice restaurants in the area?
Che Fico is another nice restaurant in San Francisco.
Do they serve liquor?
They do not serve liquor.
Can you suggest any Mexican food restaurants?
There are 3 Mexican restaurants in the area. Cala is a nice one in San Francisco.
Do they serve liquor?
Yes, they serve liquor.
I want to make a reservation for Cala.
What time would you like to make the reservation for?
Make it for one in the afternoon on March 7th.
To confirm, the reservation is at Cala in San Francisco at 1 pm next Thursday for 2 people.
Please change it to a quarter past 12 in the afternoon.
To confirm, the reservation is at 12:15 pm for 2 people.
Yes, that is good. Do they have live music?
They do not have live music. I was unable to make the reservation at Cala, shall I try to reserve next Thursday at 12 pm for 2?
Yes that works.
Your reservation was successful.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all.
Have a good day.
I want to go out to eat in Milpitas.
Alright, what type of food would you like?
I'm looking for take-out.
I found 2 possibilities. There is an Olive Garden Italian restaurant in Milpitas.
Alright, what is their number? Do they have live music?
The number is 408-935-8176. No, they do not have live music.
Alright, that works.
Would you like to go ahead and reserve a table?
Yes, make a reservation for three people.
What time would you like the reservation?
At 1 pm, please.
Please confirm the following: You want a table for 3 at Olive Garden Italian Restaurant in Milpitas today at 1 pm?
Yes that's right.
Sorry, I was unable to confirm your reservation. Can I assist you with anything else?
Can you try booking again for 4 people?
Please confirm the following details: You want a table for 4 at Olive Garden Italian Restaurant in Milpitas today at 1 pm?
No, actually make it half past 6 in the evening.
Alright, please confirm the following, you want a table at Olive Garden Italian Restaurant at 6:30 pm.
Yes that works. Can I have the address? Also how expensive are they?
Your reservation is complete. The address is 1350 Great Mall Drive. The price range is moderate.
Thanks, that's all I needed.
Enjoy your evening!
I would like to eat at outside, can you find some nice place?
Do you like any particular kind of food like Italian, Chinese or any other?
Yes, some salad type food with low-cost will be perfect. Also I need live music there.
Any preferred City , do I search for?
If I got any place in San Jose then it will be nice for me.
found 1 result, a restaurant in San Jose and its name is Mcdonald's.
What is the address of that restaurant?
It is 777 story Road.
Do they have any liquor supply?
No, they do not.
That's okay, can you make me a reservation at this restaurant for day after tomorrow.
at what time?
11:30 in the morning will be perfect.
Please confirm to book a table for 2 persons at Mcdonald's in San Jose at 11:30 am on day after tomorrow.
Make it for one person.
Please confirm to book the table for 1 person in San Jose.
Sorry, please change it to 3 persons and the date will be 2nd of March.
Please confirm to book the table for 3 persons on tomorrow.
Yes, that is correct. continue.
Your booking was confirmed.
Thanks, that's all I want.
Have a great day.
I am trying to find fancy place to eat. I'm willing to pay more for a nice meal.
What type of food would you like to eat? Which city will you be dining in?
I'm looking to have Korean Barbeque. I'm looking in Santa Clara.
There is 1 restaurant that matches that. There's a nice restaurant called Restaurant Chungdam in Santa Clara.
Do they have alcohol?
Yes, they do serve alcohol.
That sounds great.
Excellent. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes. I would like to make a reservation for 20:00.
Great. Please verify that the following is correct: one table to Restaurant Chungdam in Santa Clara at 8 pm today for 2 people.
That's correct. Will there be live music? Also, where is the restaurant?
I couldn't make that reservation for then, I apologize for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd like to make the reservation at 7 in the evening.
Great. Please verify that the following is correct: one table to Restaurant Chungdam in Santa Clara at 7 pm today for 2 people.
That sounds good.
I've made that reservation successfully.
Thank you!
Anything else I can do for you?
Nope. That's all.
Enjoy the rest of your day!
I want to find somewhere to eat. It needs to serve alcohol and it doesn't matter if it's pricey.
What type of food do you want? How about Mexican or Italian? What city should I search in?
Look in SFO. I'm feeling Japanese food.
I've found 4 potential restaurants for you. How about Izakaya Sushi Ran in San Francisco?
What's the address and number?
The address is 2223 Market Street. The number is 415-655-3738.
That sounds good.
Should I reserve a table for you?
Yes. Make it for evening 5:45.
Okay, please confirm: Table for 2 at Izakaya Sushi Ran in San Francisco today at 5:45 pm.
No, it's for 1 person. Let's do it on the 8th.
Okay, please confirm: reservation for 1 next Friday.
No. Make it for 3 people at 11:15.
Please confirm: reservation for 3 people at 11:15 am.
Yes, that's right. Do they have live music?
The reservation has been made. They do not have live music.
Thanks. That's it for now.
Have a great day.
Where can I go to eat that also serves alcohol?
Are you looking for American or Chinese food, or something else?
I want to go somewhere where I can get a reasonably priced burger.
What city would you like to eat in?
I'd like to eat somewhere in Berkeley.
The B&b Kitchen & Wine Bar is a great restaurant in Berkeley and a local favorite.
Okay, please make a reservation.
When would you like the reservation for?
Half past 1 in the afternoon will be fine.
I have booked a table for 2 at B&b Kitchen & Wine Bar for today at 1:30 pm in Berkeley. Is this correct?
That sounds great. Is there live music and where are they located.
There were no reservations available. Do you need anything else?
Make a seven pm reservation at a restaurant.
I have booked a table for 2 at B&b Kitchen & Wine Bar for today at 7 pm in Berkeley. Is this correct?
Yes, thanks.
The reservations has been made.
Ok, thank you.
Hope you have a great day.
Could you suggest a place to eat?
Do you want American, Indian or what type of food?
I think I'm craving Mexican food.
Where should I search for?
I want to eat in San Mateo.
There's a nice restaurant in San Mateo called Celia's.
That sounds great.
Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes, I want to make one.
At what time do you want it?
11:30 am is fine.
Please confirm: Making a reservation for 2 people at Celia's in San Mateo for today at 11:30 am.
Correct. What is the phone number of the place and does it have live music?
The reservation was made. The phone number is 650-349-0165 and the do not have live music.
Thank you. That's all.
Good day.
I am looking for a place with good breakfast.
Which city?
SFO
I found 10 restaurants. One of them is Baker Street Bistro in San Francisco.
Is there anything else?
Blue Mermaid in San Francisco.
Sounds great.
Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes. At evening 5:30, please.
Please confirm Blue Mermaid in San Francisco at 5:30 pm for 2 people today.
Sounds good.
I've made your reservation.
Where are they located? Do they serve alcohol?
They are located at 471 Jefferson Street. They do serve alcohol.
Thanks, that's all for now.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you recommend me somewhere to eat?
What city do you want me to look in?
It should be in SFO.
Okay, what type of cuisine do you want?
I'd like to get some Middle eastern food in Oakland.
There's a good restaurant in Oakland called Dyafa.
How about something else? I'm looking for a meal on a budget.
I found 1 that might work for you. It is called Marhaba Indian & Pakistani Halal Cuisine and it is in Oakland.
What is the address?
It is located at 1437 Franklin Street.
Okay, that sounds good.
Should I reserve you a table there?
Yeah, make a reservation please.
What time should I make the reservation for?
I'd like it to be at 13:30.
Okay, so you would like to reserve at table at Marhaba Indian & Pakistani Halal Cuisine in Oakland, for 2 people today at 1:30 pm. Is that correct?
No, it is just for 1 person.
Okay, so you'd like to make a reservation for 1 person today?
Yes, that sounds good.
Okay, your reservation was completed successfully.
Okay great, thanks.
Is there anything else you need?
No, that's all thanks.
Okay, have a nice day.
I would like to eat out side this time, can you search for a nice place?
Yes, of course, which City do you like to eat? any preference?
Ya, I like to eat at some nice place in Calistoga.
Is there any preferred food specially liked by you?
I like Taiwanese food so much, can you find something?
I got details about 1, Soo Yuan Restaurant is the best one which is located in Calistoga as per your wish.
Is there any liquor supply? and let me know the address.
Yes they supply alcohol and the address is 1354 California 29.
That's fine, please make reservation for 4 including me.
at what time?
1:30 in the afternoon will be fine.
Please confirm: Booking for a table for 4 persons at Soo Yuan Restaurant in Calistoga at 1:30 pm today.
Yes, that will be fine.
Your booking was confirmed.
Thanks for your help, that's enough to me.
Have a great day.
I have a date later and I am looking for a good place to eat.
What type of cuisine are you in the mood for? Which city will you be going to eat?
I will be in Berkeley and am in the mood for some Breakfast type of food.
I found 1 match called the Venus Restaurant in Berkeley.
Can you give me their address?
You can find them at 2327 Shattuck Avenue.
That works out great.
Would you like to go ahead and make a reservation?
Yes please. Go ahead and place the reservation.
What time did you have in mind?
It is for 1 person at 12:15 in the afternoon.
You would like to book a table for 1 at 12:15 pm today at the Venus Restaurant in Berkeley. Is that correct?
Actually I changed my mind, make it at evening 6:45.
You would like a reservation for 1 at 6:45 pm, is that correct?
Yes that is what I want. Can I have a contact number?
I apologize but I was unable to confirm the reservation. You can reach them at 510-540-5950. Should I try a reservation for 1 person today at 7 pm at the Venus Restaurant?
Yes please.
Your table was successfully booked.
I'm a little concerned about price. Would you say that the price range is not very costly.?
I would say they have moderate pricing.
Thank you so much for your time.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that is all. Thank you again.
It was my pleasure. Have a great day.
Can you recommend a restaurant where I can go for a meal.
Would you like me to search by any particular type of cuisine and city?
I would like a reasonably priced restaurant that serves Sushi in San Rafael.
There is a great restaurant called Sushi To Dai For in San Rafael.
Can you tell me their exact location.
They are located on 816 4th Street.
Can you tell me the phone number for the restaurant? And I would like to know if they have live music as well.
I am sorry, but they do not have live music. However, the phone number for the restaurant is 415-721-0392.
I would like the name of another restaurant, one that serves Sichuan food, please.
There is a great restaurant that serves Sichuan cuisine in San Rafael called Yet Wah Restaurant.
Sure, that sounds good. I would like to go ahead and make a reservation for that restaurant.
What time would you like me to make the reservation for?
I would like to reserve for 7 in the evening for Monday next week.
Excellent. Can you make a reservation at Yet Wah Restaurant in San Rafael for 7 pm next Monday for 2 people?
Sure, that's perfect.
Your reservation has been confirmed.
Great. Thanks
Would you like help with anything more?
No, all set. Thanks.
I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Please book me a restaurant in Cotati.
What kind of food would you like to eat? Perhaps Chinese, American, or another?
I would like to eat tacos, if available.
There is a restaurant called Mi Pueblo in Cotati that has good tacos.
Can you find me another restaurant in Cotati with live music?
There's 1 restaurant in Cotati that fits your criteria. It is called Mi Ranchito.
Please tell me the address of the restaurant and their general prices.
Their address is 7600 Commerce Boulevard and their prices are moderate.
That seems like a good fit.
Please indicate whether or not you wish to reserve a table.
I would like to reserve a table for two people tonight.
What time would you like to make the reservation for?
I would like to reserve a table at half past 6 in the evening.
Please verify the following details. You would like to reserve a table for 2 today at 6:30 pm at Mi Ranchito in Cotati.
Yes, I confirm those details.
The reservation has been successfully made.
Can you tell me if they serve alcohol, and their phone number?
Their phone number is 707-795-7600 and they do not serve alcohol.
Thank you for your assistance.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I am looking for a place to eat. I don't have a price preference.
What city should I search in?
Show me places to eat in San Francisco. I am looking for something afforadable priced.
What kind of food would you like to eat.
Some Pizza and Pasta would be perfect.
I found 10 restaurants that serve pizza and pasta. 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano is a nice restaurant located in San Francisco.
Yes, that works for me.
Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes, I would like to make a reservation. Make a reservation for Sunday this week for 4 people.
What time is the reservation for?
Mate it at 17:30.
Please confirm the following details: You are booking a table at 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano, the city is San Francisco, the reservation is at 5:30 pm, the date is the day after tomorrow, and the reservation is for 4 people.
No, I want it on Thursday next week.
Please confirm these updated details: The date is next Thursday, and the reservation is for 4 people.
No make it at 19:30 and make the reservation for five poeple.
Please confirm the updated details: the reservation is at 7:30 pm and it is for 5 people.
Yes that works for me. Do they have live music.
Your reservation is successful. They do not have live music.
Do they serve liquor? What is the address of the restaurant.
They serve alcohol. Their address is 16 Mint Plaza.
Thank you very much!
Can I help you with anything else?
No. Thank you very much.
Have a good day.
Can you find me a place to eat please?
Where at? And what kind of cuisine are you craving?
Somewhere in SF, and I am really craving Thai food at the moment!
I found a bunch of restaurants, there's actually 10 that you might like in San Francisco, one of them being Baan Thai House & Wine Bar
How can I reach them? And what's their address?
You can reach them by phone at 415-379-4505 and visit them at 534 Irving Street
Great, that restaurant sounds good
Want me to book a table?
Yes book me a table
What time do you want the reservation?
Let's do dinner at 6 in the evening
Confirming your 6 pm booking today for 2 people at Baan Thai House & Wine Bar in San Francisco.
Actually let's just do it for one person
Confirming your 6 pm reservation for 1 then?
Yes that's right
I was able to book it
Thanks so much
Can I do anything else for you?
No that's it for now, thanks
You're welcome, enjoy your dinner
Give me a place to eat at.
Which city should I search? Is there a specific food type you would like to eat, such as American or Italian?
San Bruno, I am looking for low priced, Taiwanese food.
China Garden fits your preferences in San Bruno.
Whats the address?
586 San Mateo Avenue
Do they serve liquor?
They do not serve alcohol.
Could you suggest another similar restaurant that serves alcohol?
Dumpling Era in San Bruno serves alcohol.
Could you suggest another restaurant without the price limitation?
I found 1 restaurant: Ming's in San Bruno.
That works. I'd like to make a reservation at half past 12 in the afternoon for 6 people.
Please confirm: I am booking a table at Ming's, in San Bruno. The reservation is for 6 people, today at 12:30 pm.
Correct. What is their address?
Sorry, I was unable to make a reservation. Can I do anything else?
Make the reservation at eleven am.
Please confirm: I am booking a table at Ming's in San Bruno, the reservation is at 11 am today for 6 people.
Make the reservation for four people.
Confirm: The reservation is at 11 am for 4 people.
Yes! Do they have live music and serve liquor?
Your reservation is successful. They do not serve alcohol or have live music.
Thank you very much.
Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you.
Have a good day
I am looking for a Greek place to eat please.
Which city should I search in?
Please locate one in San Carlos.
I found 2 Greek restaurants. Agora is a nice one located in San Carlos.
Can you suggest any other restaurants? One that serves Spicy Noodles would be perfect.
I located 2 restaurants. Asya Restaurant is nice and located on San Carlos.
Could you suggest any other ones? I'd like one that serves alcohol.
I found 1, Thai Time is nice and located in San Carlos.
Yes, that sounds good. Please make a reservation.
What time would you like?
Please make if for 12:45.
Please confirm the following: Booking a table for 2 today at Thai Time in the city of San Carlos for 12:45 pm.
Yes, that is correct. Can you please provide me their phone number and address?
Your reservation is confirmed. The phone number is 650-596-8433 and the address is 1240 El Camino Real.
Thank you very much, that is all I need.
Have a good day.
Please help me find a restaurant.
Please name the city I should search.
I am looking for a restaurant in Petaluma.
What type of food do you prefer? Please say Indian, Chinese, or something similar.
Somewhere similar to Asian Fusion would be nice.
How about Flowering Tea House in Petaluma?
Yes, please make a reservation for 5:15 in the evening, next Friday.
Please confirm your reservation details: Reservation for 2 next Friday, at 5:15 PM, in Petaluma at the Flowering Tea House.
No, it's only for 1 person. Please make the time quarter past 1 in the afternoon.
Please confirm your reservation details: Reservation for 1 person at 1:15 pm.
Actually, no. Make it the 13th of this month for 3 people.
Please confirm your reservation details: March 13th for 3 people.
Yes, that's correct. Does this restaurant serve liquor?
Sorry, I was unable to process that request. Flowering Tea House does not serve alcohol. Shall I make a reservation for 3 people on March 13th at 1 pm?
No, that will not work.
May I be of assistance another way?
No, that will not be necessary.
Thank you, have a nice day.
I want to go out to eat.
Where are you located? What kind of food do you like? I can find Chinese restaurants, American restaurants, and others.
I am in Campbell. I am looking for pizza and pasta with a moderate price.
There are 5 of those restaurants locally, including A Bellagio Italian Restaurant in Campbell.
That sounds good.
Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes please!
When do you want to go?
I want the reservation for 11:30.
Please confirm you want to make a reservation at 11:30 am today for 2 people at A Bellagio Italian Restaurant in Campbell.
Yes that is perfect. What is the address and phone number?
The reservation is confirmed successfully. The phone is 408-370-7705 and they are located at 33 South Central Avenue.
Thanks for your help.
May I further assist you?
No, that will be all.
See you soon!
I would like to find a restaurant please.
Which city would you like to eat in and what kind of food would youn like to eat?
I would like a restaurant that serves alcohol in San Francisco. I'd like to eat in a Burgers restaurant please.
There were 8 matches to your inquiry. 5a5 Steak Lounge is a nice place that's in San Francisco.
Can you please make another suggestion?
Alexander's Steakhouse is also a nice place in San Francisco.
I'd like another suggestion please.
There's another restaurant in San Francisco that's called Bourbon Steak Restaurant.
Yes, I'm interested in that one.
You like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. I would like a 13:30 reservation.
Can you confirm the reservation details please? I am booking a table at Bourbon Steak Restaurant in San Francisco. The reservation is for 1:30 pm for today and is for 2 people.
Yes that sounds wonderful.
I was able to book the reservation successfully.
I appreciate it very much. That's all I need right now.
Be sure to have a great day!
I want to get something to eat, something that's pricey, help me look for a place.
What city would you like me to search in?
Search in Pleasanton.
What type of cuisine are you looking for, for example American, Indian, or anything else?
I'm looking for Barbecue, that would hit the spot.
There are 2 restaurants I've found. There's a nice restaurant called Baci Bistro And Bar in Pleasanton that might interest you.
What's their phone number? And is there live music there?
You can call them at 925-600-0600. And I'm sorry, but there's no live music there.
Okay, that's fine. Make me a reservation for the restaurant.
What time would you like the reservation for?
I want it to be at 13:45.
Okay, I'll make you a reservation for 2 at Baci Bistro And Bar in Pleasanton at 1:45 pm today, is that correct?
Yeah, that's correct. Also, what's their address, and do they serve liquor there?
They're located at 500 Main Street, and they don't serve alcohol, sorry. I'm sorry but that time is all booked. Would you like a reservation for 2 at Baci Bistro And Bar for 1:30 pm today instead?
Yeah, that's fine.
Okay, I made you the reservation.
Thanks a lot, that's all the help I need.
Okay, have a good rest of your day.
I'm hungry, do you have any recommendations on where to eat?
Where are you looking for to eat? What type of food do you want? Do you want American, Indian, or some other cuisine?
I'm craving some Sushi in San Francisco if possible.
There a good restaurant in San Francisco that sells sushi it is called 2g Japanese Brasserie.
Do you know the price range of the restaurant?
Their prices are moderate.
That sounds great. I want to make a reservation.
For when do you want to make it?
Make a reservation for one person at afternoon 12.
Please confirm: Making a reservation for 1 person today at 12 pm at 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco.
No, I'm sorry. It's for three people.
Please confirm: Making a reservation for 3 people today at 12 pm at 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco.
In second though I want it to be at 12:30 in the afternoon.
Making a reservation for 3 people today at 12:30 pm at 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco.
That is correct. What is the address of the restaurant?
The reservation has been done. The address is 601 Van Ness Avenue.
Do you know the phone number?
Their number is 415-292-9997.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else you need?
No, that would be all.
Have a good day.
Is there a place to eat?
Which city?
Antioch would be great.
What kinds of foods besides American and Mexican or you interested in?
I would love to eat some lobster.
There's a place in Antioch call Okawa Japanese Restaurant.
That's great and it'll work for me.
Do you want to reserve a table?
I would love to make an appointment for one myself at 4:30 pm.
Just to be correct, you're booking a table at Okawa Japanese Restaurant today in Antioch and it will be for 1 your self at 4:30 pm.
That will be great. Also, I just wanted to now pricey is it.
Unfortunately there are no tables available. Can I help you with anything else?
Instead of the previous time, can you make it at 18:00?
Just to be correct, you're booking a table at Okawa Japanese Restaurant in Antioch at 6 pm. That will be today and that will be for 1.
That works and fits my schedule.
Your reservation is all set.
Thanks. That will do it for me.
Have a great day.
What's a good place to grab a bite?
What type of food. Italian? Indian?
I'm in the mood for a burger.
Where should I look?
Find a place in Vallejo with live music.
How about Mcdonald's in Vallejo?
Yes. Please book a table.
For what time?
1 in the afternoon.
Mcdonald's in Vallejo for 2 at 1 pm today. Correct?
Yes, that is correct.
Done. I booked you a table.
Thanks. I'm done for now.
You are welcome.
I'm searching for a place to dine at.
What metropolis should I look in, and what types of food do you want?
I'd like for a moderate costing meal in Mountain View, preferably French.
La Fontaine is a lovely diner situated in Mountain View.
Can you give me their phone number?
The restaurant's number is 650-968-2300.
What is the restaurant's location?
The restaurant's location is 186 Castro Street.
Is there any other restaurant you recommend, preferably in SF?
I discovered 10 restaurants. There is a wonderful diner called Amelie San Francisco located in San Francisco.
Yeah, that's the one for me. I'd like to book a spot at that restaurant.
When would you like the booking for?
Put it for morning 10:30.
Please verify the following information: Reserve a table for 2 people at Amelie San Francisco for 10:30 am today in San Francisco.
Yeah, that's what I want. Can you give me their phone number?
I apologize, but I could not book the restaurant. Could I assist you with something else?
I'd like to try making a reservation once more. Put it for eleven in the morning.
Please verify the following information: reserving a table for 2 people at Amelie San Francisco at 11 am today in San Francisco.
Yeah, that's perfect for me. Do they possess live music?
Your booking was successful. They do not possess live music.
Thank you for your assistance.
Could I assist you with something else?
No. Thank you for your assistance.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
I'm looking for a place to eat.
I can help you. In what city?
I am in San Francisco.
What kind of food would you like to eat?
Something Russian would be great.
I have 1 restaurant you may like. Red Tavern is a nice place located in San Francisco.
Do they have live music?
They do not, sorry.
Do they serve alcohol? What's the address?
The street address is 2229 Clement Street. They do not serve alcohol.
That sounds good. I'd like that one.
Would you like to reserve a table now?
Yes, please. I want to make a reservation for next Thursday.
What time would you like to eat?
Please reserve me at 6:15 in the evening.
Please confirm these details: I'm reserving a table for 2 people at Red Tavern in San Francisco, for next Thursday at 6:15 pm.
Yes, that's perfect.
Your reservation has been made.
What is their contact number? Also, how expensive is their menu?
Their phone number is 415-750-9090. Their price range is moderate.
Thanks very much.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's it. Thanks.
Have a good day!
what can I have for breakfast
There is American, Chinese, or anything else what do you want to eat?
Anyone that is burger like in nature
which city should I search from
San francisco is okay
There is a nice returant called 1760 in San francisco
Yes that is okay with me, I need a reservation at 1760
when do u want it booked?
evening 4:45 is perfect
booking table at 1760, city San francisco, time 4:45 pm, date today, reservation for 2 people. Confirm the details above
That is okay with me
the reservation is booked
Thanks, thats all I want
Have a great day
I would like to find a place to eat in Santa Rosa.
What kind of food would you like?
Please find me a ramen restaurant.
I have found 4 options. Hikuni is a great choice in Santa Rosa.
Do they play live music? And what's their phone number?
Their number is 707-539-9188. And unfortunately, they don't have live music.
Could you suggest a not very costly option?
Osake is a great choice in Santa Rosa.
That would work great.
Would you like a table?
Yes, please make a reservation for me.
What time would you like me to schedule it at?
Please make it at 10:45 in the morning on the 4th of this month.
Please confirm the following: You want a table for 2 people at Osake in Santa Rosa at 10:45 am next Monday.
Yes, that would be great. What's their address? And do they have live music?
Unfortunately, the reservation failed. Their address is 2446 Patio Court and they don't have live music. Osake is a great choice. Shall I attempt to make a reservation for 2 next Monday at 11 am?
Yes, that would be great.
Your reservation has been made.
Thanks so much! That's all for now.
Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant.
What kind of food do you want? What city are you in?
I am looking for asian food in SFO.
I found 10 restaurants in San Francisco including 8 Immortals Restaurant.
What other restaurants are there? I want to buy a drink.
There is a nice restaurant in San Francisco called Butterfly Restaurant.
Do they have live music? Where are they located?
They do not have live music. They are at 33 The Embarcadero.
What other restaurants are there?
There is a nice restaurant in San Francisco called Chaat Corner.
I want to make a reservation there.
What time do you want to go?
I want the reservation at half past 7 in the evening.
Please confirm you want a reservation for 2 people at Chaat Corner in San Francisco today at 7:30 pm.
No, I actually want to go on March 14th.
Please confirm you want the reservation in San Francisco on March 14th.
Actually, we are going as a group of three.
Please confirm you want a reservation for 3 people on March 14th.
That is correct.
The reservation is successful.
Thank you!
May I further assist you?
No, that will be all.
See you soon!
I am looking for a place to grab a bite to eat.
What do you think you're hungry for?
I'm looking for Mediterranean in Redwood City.
There is only 1 restaurant I could find in Redwood City, name Rocknwraps And Kabobs.
Do they have alcoholic drinks?
This restaurant doesn't serve liquor.
Ok, I will go with that restaurant.
Would you like me to reserve a table there for you?
Yes, can you please make a reservation for 17:30?
Ok, to confirm; you would like to eat at Rocknwraps And Kabobs in Redwood City at 5:30 pm today. I should make that reservation for 2 people?
Yes, that is correct.
I have made your reservation.
Thank you for helping me.
I hope your day is good.
I am wondering if you find me a good dining to have my food.
Which category are you looking for - Thai, Chinese, Mexican, Italian, American ..? Where you wish to find a place?
I would love to have some kind of American food. Fairfield would be suitable to me.
Give me a moment ... There is a top-rated American restaurant in Fairfield and the restaurant name is Chuck E. Cheese's. Would you prefer this one?
Do they have bar? I would prefer one which serves alcohol too. Please can you find me some restaurant offering alcohol in addition to serving American food.
Yup! Here, you go!!! Red Lobster, an American casual dining restaurant is nice one located in Fairfield. Do you like to have your food here?
Might be.... If you don't mind, still do you have suggestions for any other restaurant?
Fortunately I can find one more for you. Texas Roadhouse, an American restaurant specializing in steaks is a very nice restaurant located in Fairfield.
Is it a costlier restaurant or a cheaper one? What's their prices? What's the street address of the restaurant?
Nope, they are in mid-range. Their prices are moderate. They are located in 3333 North Texas Street.
Awesome... I would like to have my food there. Please can I make a reservation for the table at the restaurant?
Why not? Sure. I can help you on that. At what time you wish to reserve the table?
Please reserve in the morning at 11:15 am.
Please confirm me that you are booking a table at Texas Roadhouse located in Fairfield for 2 people today at 11:15 am. Is that right?
Nope, please book it on 13th of this month.
Sure, I can do that. So, your booking would be at Texas Roadhouse on March 13th, right?
Yup! That's works. Do you have phone number to reach out?
Yup! You can reach them at 707-422-7623 and your reservation is successful.
Thank you so much.
Do you need any other assistance?
Nope, thanks a lot.
Have a wonderful day.
I am looking for somewhere to eat.
Which should city should I search?
I want a economical place that serves alcohol in Oakland.
What kind of food are you looking for? Italian, American, what?
Gastrobar food will be perfect.
I found 1 Umami Burger Oakland restaurant in Oakland.
Do you know if they have live music? If so, where?
They don't have live music on 2100 Franklin Street.
Ok, that works for me!
Do you want to reserve a table?
Sure! I want to make a reservation for the 11th of March.
What time do you want to make the reservation?
Make it for 6 o"clock in the evening, for two people.
A table at Umami Burger Oakland, in Oakland, at 6 pm, on March 11th, for 2 people.
Great, works for me! What is their number?
Reservation reserved, their number is 510-899-8626.
Thanks so much, that's all I needed!
Have a good day!
I would like to find a restaurant in Oakland
Do you have a specific type of cuisine in mind? Feel free to choose American, Mexican, or any other cuisine.
Fish would be great
There is a restaurant called Alamar Kitchen & Bar in Oakland that meets your preferences
Can you tell me if the prices are inexpensive?
The prices are moderate
And is alcohol available there? May I also have their phone number?
They do not provide alcohol. The phone number is 510-907-7555
Excellent, that's perfect.
Should I make a reservation for you at this restaurant?
Yes please. I would like to reserve a table.
When would you like the reservation to begin?
I would like it for 6:15 pm
So to confirm, you would like a 6:15 pm reservation for 2 today at Alamar Kitchen & Bar in Oakland.
Yes, that sounds great. Can you tell me if there is live music at the venue?
Your reservation was not successful. Would you like assistance with anything further?
I would like to attempt a reservation for evening 5:30.
To confirm, you would like a reservation for 2 for 5:30 pm today at Alamar Kitchen & Bar in Oakland
Sure, that's perfect. May I also have the exact address for the venue?
The reservation has been successfully confirmed. The restaurant is located at 100 Grand Avenue #111
Great, thanks for your help.
Is there anything additional that I can assist you with?
No, all set. Thanks again
Have a nice day.
Can you find me a restaurant?
Of course. What city? Any type of cuisine you're interested in?
Look in Santa Clara. Any Southern restaurants?
I found 4 matches. There's Bennigan's in Santa Clara.
Oh I've been meaning to try that
Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes, book it
What time?
Do they have room for two at 18:45?
Please confirm: a table for 2 at Bennigan's in Santa Clara at 6:45 pm today
No. Let's try 11:30 am on the 8th instead
Please confirm: 11:30 am next Friday?
Yes that's right. Where are they? Any chance they have live music?
Your reservation has been confirmed. Find them at 4150 Great America Parkway. Sadly, there's no live music.
Thanks.
Anything else I can do to hope.
Nope not now
Take care
I am looking for a place to eat.
Would you prefer a certain city?
I want in Burlingame.
Are you looking for Mexican, Indian or anything else?
Some Barbecue will be prefect.
Sure. I found 4 restaurants. In Burlingame 37 North is a nice.
Do they serve liquor? How pricey are they?
The price range is moderate but they don't serve alcohol.
Yes that sounds good. Make a reservation for me.
What time is the reservation for?
Make it at 1:15 pm
Please confirm. Booking a table in Burlingame 37 North restaurant today at 1:15 pm for 2 people.
Do they have live music? What is the contact number?
Sorry, I was unable to make reservation. The phone number is 650-373-2237 and they don't have live music. Shall i book a table in Burlingame 37 North restaurant today at 1:30 pm for 2 people?
No. That doesn't work for me
Can i help you with anything else?
No. Thanks a lot
Have a great day
Will you find me a place to eat?
Which city? What kind of food?
Italian food in Pleasanton.
I found De La Torre's Trattoria in Pleasanton.
Anything else?
Forno Vecchio in Pleasanton.
What's the address and contact number?
680 Main Street. 925-425-0099.
Any other suggestions? Something affordable?
Gay 90's Pizza Co. in Pleasanton.
Great.
Do you want to reserve a table?
Yes, please, on 10th of this month.
What time?
Afternoon 1:15.
Please confirm table at Gay 90's Pizza Co. for 2 in Pleasanton at 1:15 pm on March 10th.
Sounds good. What's the address?
I've made the reservation. It's located at 288 Main Street.
Thanks.
Anything else?
No, that's it. Thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a place to eat
Which city are you located in, and what kind of food would you like to eat?
I'd like some Taiwanese food in SFO
There is a nice restaurant named Alice's in San Francisco
Can you suggest some more restaurants, I no preference on price.
I've found 9 restaurants in San Francisco, Bamboo restaurant is a nice one.
Does that restaurant server liquor?
yes, they serve alcohol.
May I have their contact number and address?
Sure, their phone number is 415-775-3679. They are located at 1441 Polk Street.
Can you suggest other restaurants?
Bei Fang Style is another nice restaurant in San Francisco
That one would be great!
Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes I'd like to make a reservation.
What time would you like to make a reservation for?
I'd like a reservation for three people at Half past 1 in the afternoon.
Please confirm if the following is correct: reservation at Bei Fang Style in San Francisco for 3, today at 1:30 pm.
Yeah that sounds great.
Your reservation has been successfully placed.
Thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thats all thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
I'd like to find a place to eat in Oakland.
What kind of food would you like to eat?
I would love to eat some African food.
I have found 2 different options. Cafe Eritrea D'afrique is a great choice in Oakland.
Could you give another suggestion? I would love a place with live music.
I have found 1 place called Miliki Restaurant in Oakland.
Where are they located? And do they serve liquor?
They do serve alcohol, and are located at 3725 MacArthur Boulevard.
That works for me. I'd like to make a reservation on the 12th.
At what time would you like me to schedule the reservation?
Please schedule it at 11:15 in the morning.
Please confirm the following: You want a table at Miliki Restaurant in Oakland at 11:15 am for 2 people on March 12th.
That would be great.
I'm sorry, I couldn't make the reservation. Is there anything else I could help you with?
I want to try booking again, but this time on the 3rd of this month.
Please confirm the following: You want a table for 2 people at Miliki Restaurant in Oakland at 11:15 am on the day after tomorrow.
Never mind, make it for 12:30.
Please confirm the following: You want a reservation at 12:30 pm for 2 people.
Yup, that would be great. Are the prices above average?
I was able to reserve you a table. Their prices are in the moderate range.
Thanks so much. That'll be all for today.
Have a great day!
I need somewhere to have dinner, can you find me a reasonably priced place to eat?
Sure, what kind of food do you want?
I want something to-go.
Okay sure, what city are we searching in?
I'm in Walnut Creek at the moment, please search there.
Okay, I found 3 restaurants in Walnut Creek. How about Panera Bread?
Do they have live music? Where can I find them?
They're at 1140 Locust Street and they do have live music.
Okay, that sounds great.
Would you like to book a table?
Yes thanks, please do it.
What time would you like to go?
6 o"clock in the evening thanks.
Okay sure, please confirm that you want a table for 2 at Panera Bread in Walnut Creek from 6 pm today.
Yes that's perfect, thanks.
Okay, your booking is complete.
Thanks a lot homie.
No worries, is there anything else?
No, nothing at all.
Great, see you then.
I want something not very costly priced
what city do I need to look in?
I need it in San Mateo
are you looking for Indian, Italian or anything?
A Diner kind of food will be good
Central Park Bistro is a good place in San Mateo
what is the address?
The address is 181 East 4th Avenue
Yes that is good and I want a reservation at a restaurant
what time is the reservation for?
I want it at 5:45 in the evening
Book a table at Central Park Bistro in San Mateo for 5:45 pm for 2 people today.
yes that is good
Central Park Bistro works and that will be for 2 people today at 6 pm
No that is all
Have a great one
I would like to go to a restaurant.
What type of food and in which city?
I want some Indian food, preferable curry. Is there any place in Newark.
There are 4 places available. Biryani Pot in Newark has an excellent cuisine.
That would be fine. I would like you a reservation.
For what time?
I prefer 7:30 in the evening.
I would like to confirm the following: you would like to reserve a table for 2 persons for today at 7:30 pm at the Biryani Pot in Newark.
That sounds like a good plan.
I have made the reservation.
Great. You have been helpful. I do not need anything else.
Enjoy your day.
I'm looking for somewhere to eat.
Which city should I search in? What kind of food are you looking for? You can say Italian, Mexican, or anything else.
Somewhere to eat in San Bruno. Some Latin American food is what I'm looking for.
Celia's Mexican Restaurant is a nice restaurant located in San Bruno.
Any other suggestions? Specifically places that serve alcohol.
I found 1 restaurants. Chili's Grill & Bar is a nice restaurant located in San Bruno.
That's good.
Would you like to reserve a table here?
Yes I would. Next Friday for six people.
What time is the reservation for?
I want it on the 9th at 5:30 in the evening.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table at Chili's Grill & Bar. The city is San Bruno. The reservation is at 5:30 pm. The date is March 9th. The reservation is for 6 people.
Change the time to 6:30 in the evening.
Please confirm the following details: The city is San Bruno. The reservation is at 6:30 pm.
Yes that's right. Is the restaurant low priced with live music?
Sorry, I was unable to make a reservation. Can I help you with anything else?
I want to make a reservation for 2 people.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table at Chili's Grill & Bar. The city is San Bruno. The reservation is at 6:30 pm. The date is March 9th. The reservation is for 2 people.
Yes that's good.
Your reservation is successful.
Thank you, that's all I need.
Have a good day.
I am looking for a not very costly place to get a bite to eat and an alcoholic drink.
Would you prefer Mexican, Chinese, or something else?
Thai food would be great.
In what city would you like to dine?
I want Oriental food in Berkeley.
Mount Everest Restaurant in Berkeley is the number 1 hit.
I would like a reservation for 1.
What time should the reservation be?
I want a reservation on the 13th at 12:30.
I have one reservation at Mount Everest Restaurant in Berkeley on March 13th at 12:30 pm for 1 person. Is that correct?
Yes that is correct.
Your reservation was accepted.
Will there be live music?
Live music not an option at Mount Everest Restaurant.
What's the number and address?
The address is 2598 Telegraph Avenue and the phone number is 510-843-3951.
Thanks! I appreciate at it!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks, I'm good.
Have a nice day.
Hey, can you help me find a place to eat?
Sure, where abouts?
I want to eat in SF.
What type of food do you fancy? Chinese, Indian?
I'm feeling some Szcheuan.
Okay, I've found 10 restaurants that could be good. How does Alice's in San Francisco sound?
Sounds good. What's their number and address?
Their number is 415-282-8999. The address is 1599 Sanchez Street.
That's great, thanks.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. On the 1st of this month.
And for what time?
For around 11:45.
Sure thing, please confirm: reservation for 2 people at Alice's in San Francisco at 11:45 am today.
Yes that's good. Are they expensive? Is there live music?
I'm sorry, I was unable to make a reservation at that time. Shall I try for a reservation at Alice's for 2 people today at 12 pm? Their pricing is inexpensive and they do not have live music.
Yes, that's good.
The reservation has been made.
Thanks a lot. That's everything.
Have a great day.
I need somewhere to get a bite to eat, can you hook me up?
Sure, where are we looking? What kind of food do you like?
I want some ramen, I'm really craving it. Can you find me an afforadable place in Morgan Hill?
Hanami Sushi does ramen in Morgan Hill. Is that okay?
Nah, I'd rather somewhere else. Do you have another one?
Sushi Nara is another place that does ramen in Morgan Hill.
Yeah, that'll be good for me.
Great, do you want a table?
Yes, please book a table for two.
What time would you like to eat?
I'd like the table for afternoon 12:30 thanks.
Please confirm that you'd like to book a table for 2 at Sushi Nara in Morgan Hill from 12:30 pm today.
No actually, I want it for three people on the 12th instead.
Okay sure, please confirm that you'd like a table for 3 on March 12th.
Yeah that's perfect. Do they serve alcohol? Do they have live music?
They don't do either, unfortunately. Your table has been booked.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else?
No thanks, that's all.
Okay, see you.
i want to eat at a place in mountain view preferably one that serves alcohol.
what type of food do you want? indian, chinese ?
something cafe like, i want some reasonably priced food.
i found 2 restraunts, Bajis cafe is a restraunt located in mountain view
yes that works, place reservation next wednesday
at what time?
1 pm
Please confirm: A table at bajis cafe in mountain view at 1 pm on next wednesday for 2 people ?
no make it 19:00 on march 9th
Confirm: Reservation at 7 pm march 9th
yes that works for me. is there live music? what is their number?
Reservation succeful. Yes, live music included. Their phone number is 650-967-7477
thank you, that will be it.
no problem, have a great day.
I'm looking for a restaurant to go to. I'd prefer a place that specializes in fish.
What city should I search in?
The location is Fremont, please.
I found 4 restaurants in Fremont. Aniki's Sushi is a nice one.
What is their address and contact number?
Their phone number is 510-797-3474 and their address is 3810 Mowry Avenue.
That sounds good. I need a reservation made there for one person.
What time would you like the reservation for?
12:30 would be good, please.
Please confirm that you'd like a table for 1 today at 12:30 pm at Aniki's Sushi in Fremont.
No. Actually I need it for three people on the 14th of March.
Please confirm that you need the reservation for 3 people on March 14th.
No. Can you change it to 1 pm on the 9th?
Please confirm that you want the reservation for 1 pm on March 9th.
Yes. Can you tell me if the restaurant is costly and do they offer live music?
Their price range is moderate and they do not have live music. Your reservation has successfully been made.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I'm all set. Thank you.
Have a good day.
I would like to find somewhere to eat, preferably Asian food.
In which city should I search?
Please search in San Mateo, price is not an issue.
I have found a restaurant in San Mateo called Izakaya Ginji.
Do they have a liquor license and also do they have any live music?
They do serve alcohol, they do not have live music
That sounds perfect for me.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I would like a reservation made for 1:30 pm. for 1 person please.
Can you confirm the following details: Reservation at Izakaya Ginji in San Mateo, for 1:30 pm today for 1 person.
Yes that is correct, do you have their phone number?
I have made your reservation their phone number is 925-408-4891
Thank you.
Is their anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all, thank you.
Have a nice day.
I would like to find a place to eat.
In which city should I search?
I want to find one in South San Francisco.
What kind of food are you looking for? You can search for Italian, Mexican or anything else.
Sushi would be perfect.
There are 3 restaurants. Amami San is a restaurant in South San Francisco.
Can you find another restaurant? I am looking for some thing with afforadable prices in San Mateo.
I have found 7 restaurants. Daiki Sushi is a restaurant located in San Mateo.
Do you have any other sugggestions?
Dash Japanese Tapas And Sushi is a restaurant located in San Mateo.
Yes, that restaurant works for me. I would like to make a reservation for 2 people.
What time would you like a reservation at?
Place a reservation for 12:15.
Please confirm: You would like to book a table for 2 at Dash Japanese Tapas And Sushi in San Mateo at 12:15 pm today.
No it is for 1 person at 10:45.
Please confirm: The reservation is for 1 person at 10:45 am.
Yes, that sounds good.
Sorry, I was unable to place a reservation at Dash Japanese Tapas And Sushi. Should I try one for 1 person today at 11 am?
No. That was all I needed.
Have a good day.
I am in SFO for business and looking for a place to eat.
Are you looking for Mexican or Italian food?
Are there any Pakistani places?
There are 4 restaurants that serve Pakistani cuisine in San Francisco. Aslam's Rasoi is a nice restaurant.
Sounds good, what is their address and do they have live music?
Their address is 1037 Valencia Street, but they do not have live music.
ok, I guess that would work for me. I'd like to make a reservation, please.
For what time?
March 14th at 17:30, please.
Ok, I am booking a table at Aslam's Rasoi in San Francisco on March 14th at 5:30 pm for 2 people. Is that correct?
Please make the reservation for three people.
Ok, I changed your reservation at Aslam's Rasoi in San Francisco to 3 people. Is that correct?
Thank you, that's perfect. Do they serve liquor?
I have successfully placed your reservation, no, they do not serve alcohol.
What is their phone number?
The phone number for Aslam's Rasoi in San Francisco is 415-695-0599.
Thank you very much for the help. That is all I need.
You are welcome, have a good day.
I need somewhere to take a friend out for dinner. I would prefer if it was To-go
What city will this be in?
I'd like it to be in San Jose
I found 4 restaurants in the San Jose area. I would recommend 4th St Pizza Co
Is there anywhere else? I will be drinking so I'd prefer a place that serves alcohol
I would recommend a nice restaurant in San Jose called Mimi's Cafe
Does the restaurant have live music?
There is no live music, sorry
That's perfect! I need to book a reservation for 5 people on the 7th of March.
What time would you like me to book the reservation for?
Book it for four people at 6 pm
Is this correct? I'm booking a table for 4 people at Mimi's Cafe in San Jose at 6 pm for next Thursday.
No, I actually want it on the 12th of this month at twelve pm.
Is this correct? The reservation is on March 12th at 12 pm.
Yes that's great
Your reservation has been booked
Thanks so much!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's everything, thank you.
Have a great day.
I want to go out to eat, looking for Parisian food.
Where would you like me to look?
In San Francisco.
I found 10 possible restaurants. One is Amelie San Francisco, in San Francisco.
Yes, that would work. Can you go ahead and make a reservation?
What time would you like the reservation for?
How about quarter past 11 in the morning.
Please confirm the following: You want a table for 2 at 11:15 am today at Amelie San Francisco in San Francisco.
Yes, that's it.
Sorry, I was unable to complete your reservation. Is there anything else I can assist with?
Try booking again, but at evening 6.
Please confirm the following: You want a table for 2 at 6 pm today at Amelie San Francisco in San Francisco.
Yes, that's it. Do they serve alcohol?
Your reservation was successfully completed. Yes, they serve liquor.
Thanks for the help.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope, that's all thanks.
Enjoy your day!
Hi. I'd like to find a place to eat.
Fantastic! What kind of food would you like to eat: Indian, Italian, etc.? Also, what city would you like to eat in?
I'd like the restaurant to be in Pleasanton. I'm in the mood for some Taiwanese food.
Great! Andy & Yu's is a great restaurant in Pleasanton. Does that interest you at all?
That's pretty expensive. I'm looking for a restaurant that's not very costly.
No problem. China Lounge Restaurant & Bar in Pleasanton is a great place. Does that interest you at all?
I went there once and it sucked. Is there anything else?
There is! I recommend Hunan Chef Chinese Restaurant in Pleasanton. Does that interest you at all?
Do they serve liquor?
Unfortunately, they do not serve alcohol.
What's their address?
Their address is 4285 Valley Avenue.
All right, I'm willing to try them.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please.
All right. What time would you like me to make the reservation for?
12 in the afternoon.
Perfect. Can you confirm the following details, please? You have a table for 2 people at Hunan Chef Chinese Restaurant in Pleasanton at 12 pm today.
No, it's for one person on the 6th.
Okay, no problem. Can you confirm the following details, please? Your reservation is for 1 person next Wednesday.
Oh, darn. My friends want dinner with me. Can we make it three people at 5:15 pm?
Yes, that's no problem. Can you confirm the following details, please? Your reservation is for 3 people at 5:15 pm.
Yes, great! What's their phone number? Also, do they play live music?
Unfortunately, I was unable to make the reservation. Can I help you with anything else?
Wow, what a waste. No, that'll be all.
Have a good day!
Can you find me a place to eat?
Do you have any type of food in mind?
I'd love some Izakaya type food.
Which city should I search in?
I'd like something in a moderate price range. How about Gastrobar type food, in St. Helena.
St. Helena has a nice restaurant called Cook Tavern & Pizzeria.
Do you have an address for the restaurant?
Their street address is 1304 Main Street.
That would work for me.
Would you like to make a reservation there?
Yes, make the reservation.
What time would you like the resevation?
Half past 12 in the afternoon would be good.
Please confirm that you would like to book a table for 2 people at the Cook Tavern & Pizzeria, in St. Helena, at 12:30 pm today.
No, make it for 4 people, at 17:00.
Please confirm that the reservation is for 4 people at 5 pm.
No. I want the reservation on the 12th of March, for 6 people.
Please confirm the reservation is for 6 people, on March 12th.
Yes. That is what I want.
I'm sorry, I was unable to make a reservation. Can I help you with anything else?
No. Thank you.
Have a nice day.
I'll be out of town for a business conference and am looking for a place to eat while I'm there.
What city are you in? Would you like American, Italian, or some other kind of food?
I'd like to find a Burger in San Francisco.
I found about 10 restaurants in San Francisco. What about 1760?
Do they serve liquor? What's the address?
Their address is 1760 Polk Street, and they do not serve alcohol.
That works.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, make it for Tuesday next week at evening 5.
Please confirm: reservation for 2 people next Tuesday at 5 pm at 1760 restaurant in San Francisco.
That works.
Your reservation has been made.
Thanks, that's all I needed.
Have a good day.
Can you find me somewhere to eat in Dublin?
Do you have a preference for the type of food?
Chinese food and not very costly, please.
Here are 7 options, one of which is China Paradise Restaurant in Dublin.
Where is it located?
At 4580 Dublin Boulevard.
Do bands play there?
No, bands don't play there.
That sounds good.
Do you want a reservation?
Yes, on the 7th for four people.
At what time?
Please reserve the table for 14:00.
I am making a reservation for 4 at China Paradise Restaurant in Dublin next Thursday at 2 pm. Is that correct?
Yes, that is perfect.
I couldn't make a reservation. Do you need anything else?
Can you make a restaurant reservation for 2 people?
I am making a reservation for 2 people at China Paradise Restaurant in Dublin next Thursday at 2 pm. Is that correct?
Yes. What is the phone number? Can I buy alcohol there?
I couldn't make a reservation. Do you need anything else?
Can you make a reservation at a restaurant for March 9th?
I am making a reservation for 2 people at China Paradise Restaurant in Dublin on March 9th at 2 pm. Is that correct?
Can you change it to afternoon 1:45?
I am making a reservation for 2 people at China Paradise Restaurant in Dublin on March 9th at 1:45 pm. Is that correct?
Yes that isperfect.
The reservation has been made.
Thank you, I'm done.
Enjoy your day.
I am planning to eat in some nice place outside, can you help me to search for one place that suits me?
Can you say which type of food that you liked most like Italian, chinese or anything else that you preferred to eat? Also let me know in which city do I search for you?
Ya, I prefer Asian food which I am always dreaming to eat and please search for me in Pleasant Hill.
China Chef Restaurant is best for Asian foods which is located in Pleasant Hill, can you confirm whether this is convenient to you?
Let me know the phone number and address of that restaurant, so that I can confirm.
Phone number is 925-288-0999 and the address is 1200 Contra Costa Boulevard # K.
Yes, that is fine, please make me a reservation on Tuesday next week.
at what time?
18:45 will be fine.
Please confirm: Booking a table for 2 persons at China Chef Restaurant located in Pleasant Hill at 6:45 pm on next Tuesday.
yes, confirmed. Please check whether they offer any live music and also get the price details.
Sorry, I can't reserve at that time, can I book at 6:30 pm on next Tuesday for the same 2 people in China Chef Restaurant. The price is inexpensive, and they do not offer live music.
No, not necessary. thanks. That's all.
Have a great day.
I'm looking for a place to eat.
What are you in the mood for: Mexican, Chinese, or something else?
Sushi sounds good right now.
Which city do you want to eat in?
Somewhere affordable, that sells alcohol in SF.
2g Japanese Brasserie is a nice sushi restaurant in San Francisco.
Can I call them? Is there live music?
There is no live music, and their phone number is 415-292-9997.
Are there any other restauarnts nearby?
Akira Japanese Restaurant is also a sushi restaurant in San Francisco.
That sounds good.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes I would like to make a reservation.
What time would you like the reservation?
Lets eat at five pm.
Can you confirm the details: Booking a table for 2 people, at Akira Japanese Restaurant in San Francisco, today at 5 pm.
Actually is is for six people.
Okay. Can you confirm the details: Booking a table for 6 people, at Akira Japanese Restaurant in San Francisco, today at 5 pm.
Yes that's right. What is thier address and phone number?
Your reservation has been confirmed. The restaurant is located at 1634 Bush Street and their number is 415-800-8498.
Thanks
Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thanks thats all.
Have a nice day.
I am looking for a restaurant.
What kind of food do you want? Examples include Chinese and Italian.
I am looking for affordable priced African food.
What city are you looking in?
I am in Oakland.
There is a restaurant called Cafe Eritrea D'afrique in Oakland.
That is perfect, and I want to make a reservation.
What time do you want to make the reservation?
There will be four of us eating at afternoon 12:30.
Please confirm you want to make a reservation for 4 people today at 12:30 pm at Cafe Eritrea D'afrique in Oakland.
Actually, I need the reservation on the 3rd of this month for three people.
Please confirm you want to make the reservation for 3 people on the day after tomorrow.
Actually, I want to make the reservation for the 14th of March at evening 5:30.
Please confirm you want to make the reservation at 5:30 pm on March 14th.
That is correct. Do they have alcohol?
I was unable to make the reservation. May I further assist you?
No, that will be all.
See you soon!
I'm looking for a place to eat
What kind of food would you like?
I want it in SFO. Japanese food would be great.
I found 10 restaurants. 2g Japanese Brasserie is a nice restaurant located in San Francisco.
Yes, that works. I want to make a reservation there.
What time?
Make it half past 12 in the afternoon. I want it on Saturday this week. It is for one person.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table at 2g Japanese Brasserie. The city is San Francisco. The reservation is for 12:30 PM. The date is tomorrow. The reservation is for 1 person.
Yes that works for me. Do they have live music? How pricey is it?
Your reservation was successful. They do not have live music. Their prices are moderate.
Thank you!
Can I help with anything else?
No thank you.
Have a good day.
I would like to find a place to eat.
What kind of food would you like? Which city should I search in?
I want Izakaya food in Santa Rosa.
I found 4 restaurants. Hikuni is a good choice in Santa Rosa.
Could you suggest another?
Osake is a nice restaurant located in Santa Rosa.
Could you suggest another?
Toyo Restaurant is a nice choice in Santa Rosa.
Yes, that sounds good.
Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes, I would like to reserve a table for today.
What time?
Reserve it for 7 o"clock in the evening.
Please confirm the following: you are booking a table at Toyo Restaurant in Santa Rosa for 2 people. The reservation is at 7 pm today.
No, it is for 3 people at 1 pm.
Please confirm the following: the reservation is at 1 pm today for 3 people.
No, it is for four people on the 9th.
Please confirm the following: the reservation is for 4 people on March 9th.
Yes that works.
The reservation has been successfully made.
Thank you, that is all I needed.
Have a nice day.
I'm looking for an Oriental resturant in San Anselmo.
Auryn Thai Cuisine is the 1 oriental restaurant in San Anselmo.
Is there live music?
No there isn't live music?
Okay that works for me.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes I would.
What time should I make the reservation for?
Make the reservation for one in the afternoon.
Please confirm I have everything correct: A table for 2 people at Auryn Thai Cuisine in San Anselmo for 1 pm today.
No it is for five people and on the 14th of this month.
How is this: A table for 5 people at Auryn Thai Cuisine in San Anselmo for 1pm on March 14th.
Thats right. Is it affordable? Do they serve liquor?
Your reservation is confirmed. They de serve alcohol and their price is moderate.
Thanks.
Anything else I can help with today?
No thats all.
Have a nice day.
I'm literally starving to death right now. Find me a place that serves like fries and maybe a burger.
Where would you like me to search?
Danville. And hurry up.
I've found 4 restaurants nearby. Blackhawk Grille is a good restaurant that is located in Danville. Would this suite your needs?
What else is there.
Dana's is also a nice restaurant located in Danville.
Yea, gotta love Dana's. Make me a reservation for just one.
What time would you like me to make the reservation for?
Make it for quarter past 12 in the afternoon.
Please confirm the following: table for 1 at Dana's in Danville at 12:15 pm today.
Actually, I think i'll just make something at home for lunch. Make the reservation for 6:30 pm at March 9th.
Please confirm the following changes: table for 1 at 6:30 pm on March 9th.
Oops, did I say March 9th earlier? Make it March 8th.
Please confirm the following changes: table for 1 at Dana's in Danville at 6:30 pm next Friday.
Yea, that sounds great. Is Dana's expensive?
Your reservation has successfully been made. It has been noted that their price range is considered to be moderate.
I'm not even sure where they're located, I might need that info. Also do you know if they have live music?
Unfortunately, they do not have live music. Their address is 416 Sycamore Valley Road.
Great, thanks a bunch.
Would there be anything else that I could assist you with?
No, but thanks I guess.
Okay, let me know if you need anything.
I am looking for a place to eat.
What type of food do you feel like eating? Do you want Mexican food, Indian food, or something else? Also, what city would you like to eat in?
I want something in SFO. Some seafood sounds good.
I found 10 restaurants in SFO. Akiko's Sushi Bar is a restaurant in San Francisco with great ratings.
Yes, that works for me.
Would you like to reserve a table here?
Yes, I want to make a reservation.
What time is the reservation for?
I'd like a reservation for one person at 17:15.
Please confirm that this is what you'd like me to do: Book a table at Akiko's Sushi Bar in San Francisco for 1 person at 5:15 pm today.
Yes, that works for me
Your reservation is successful
Thank you very much.
Can I help you with anything else?
No. Thank you very much.
Have a good day.
Can you find me a restaurant?
What kind of food do you want? Which city should I look in?
I am looking for Indian food in Oakland.
A good restaurant in Oakland is Annapurna Restaurant & Bar.
That is good for me.
Do you want a reservation here?
Yes, I'd like a reservation for 17:30.
Please confirm these details. The booking is for one table at Annapurna Restaurant & Bar in Oakland. The reservation is for 2 people. This reservation is for today at 5:30 pm.
Please change it to half past 7 in the evening.
Please confirm that the reservation will be at 7:30 pm for 2 people.
Make it the 7th of March instead.
Please confirm these things. The booking is for Annapurna Restaurant & Bar for next Thursday.
Yes, that is good. Is alcohol served? What is their phone number?
No, no alchohol is served. Your reservation was a success. The phone number is 510-250-9696.
That is it. Thank you so much.
Enjoy your day.
I'm searching for Italian food.
Sure, which city?
Santa Rosa, please.
Basilico is a wonderful restaurant in Santa Rosa.
What's their number and is liquor available?
They do not serve alcohol and it's 707-539-0260.
Great, make a reservation for the 11th of March.
What time?
afternoon 2.
Please confirm your restaurant reservation: 2 people for Basilico in Santa Rosa at 2 pm on March 11th.
Correct.
Sorry, this reservation did not go through. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I need to rebook. Make it for six pm.
Confirm the details: A 6 pm reservation at Basilico in Santa Rosa for 2 people on March 11th.
No, that's not right. I need it for the 4th of this month.
Please confirm the details: A 6 pm reservation next Monday.
Perfect, that works. Where is this located and how much?
Your reservation is complete. The price range is moderate and address is 4776 Sonoma HIghway.
Perfect, thanks for your help. That's all.
Have a wonderful day.
Let's search places to eat please.
Sure, which city should I search? What kind of food are you in the mood for?
Search in Albany for take-out food please.
How about Nizza La Bella? This is located in Albany.
Find out if they have live music. Also how expensive is this restaurant?
Unfortunately they do not have live music. The price range is moderate.
Yeah, that will do just fine.
Should I reserve this for you now?
Yes go ahead and make reservations.
Sure thing. For what time should I make the reservations for?
Please make it for seven pm.
No problem. Please confirm: Reserving 1 table at Nizza La Bella in Albany. The reservation will be at 7 pm for 2 people. I reserved this for today.
No wait. This is for 1 person. Also update it to the 13th of March.
Sure I can do that. Please confirm: Reservation is for 1 person on March 13th. Does this sound right?
No, Make it for four people on the 10th please.
one moment. Please confirm: The reservation is for 4 people on March 10th. Did I get that right?
Yep. What's the phone number of the restaurant please?
Unfortunately I was not able to confirm your reservation. Could I help with anything else?
Lets try a different time to book the reservation. Try for five in the evening.
One moment. Please confirm: Reservation for 4 people on March 10th at Nizza La Bella in Albany at 5 pm. Does this sound right?
Yes, perfect. Go ahead and book it
One moment. Your reservation is successful
Thanks. that will be all.
Your welcome, can i help with anything else?
No. thats it!
Have a wonderful day
I'd like to find a place to eat.
What kind of food were you looking for and in what city should I look in?
I'd like to find a place in Sunnyvale for non meat food.
I found 1 restaurant in Sunnyvale. Merit Vegan Restaurant sounds nice.
Great. I'd like to make a reservation.
What time did you want the reservation for?
I'd like the reservation at one pm.
Please confirm you're booking a table for 2 at Merit Vegan Restaurant in Sunnyvale at 1 pm today.
It's actually for 1 person.
Please confirm you're booking a table at Merit Vegan Restaurant for 1 person.
Sure, sounds good. Do they have live music?
Sorry, your reservation could not be completed. Is there anything else I could help you with?
No, thank you.
Have a nice day.
I would like to find a place to eat
Is it indian, Italian that you are looking for
Some Freshwater fish would be good in san francisco
In San Francisco there is a nice restaurant called Akiko's sushi bar
I am looking for a pricey price place, can u recommend something else
Yes I have 9 places in San Francisco. One is Anchor & Hope
Do they have live music? What is there address
No they don't, the address is 83 Minna Street
Can i make a reservation for it
Ok what time?
Can i make it half past 5 in the evening
Can u confirm your booking for today at 5:30 pm for 2 people in San Francisco at Anchor & Hope
No can u make it at 19:00
Ok can u confirm your booking at 7 pm at Anchor & Hope
No can i get it on the 5th of this month for five people
Can u confirm the date next Tuesday for 5 people
Do they serve liquor?
Sorry they do not serve alcohol and I couldn't make a reservation till 6:30 pm for 5 people for next Tuesday at Anchor & Hope
No
Can i help u with something else
No thank u
Have a good day
I do not want to step into the kitchen today. Can you recommend somewhere nice to eat out?
Are you in the mood for Indian or Mexican? Which city would you like me to look in?
I am in San Francisco. Burmese found seems appealing to me now.
There are 5 such restaurants in San Francisco. B Star would be an excellent choice.
Where is it located? Does it cost a lot?
The cost is moderate. It is located at 127 Clement Street.
Is there anything else you might recommend?
Burma Love is also an excellent restaurant in San Francisco.
That would be fine.
Should I go ahead and book a table?
Yes, I want a reservation.
For what time?
7 pm on Thursday next week.
I would like to confirm the following information: reservation for 2 for 7 pm next Thursday at Burma Love in San Francisco.
I want a reservation for 4 persons.
I would like to confirm the following: table for 4 at Burma Love.
That's would be excellent.
I have made the reservation.
I almost forgot to ask, but where is the restaurant located?
It is on 211 Valencia Street.
I appreciate your assistance.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you have been most helpful already.
Enjoy your day.
I'd like to go to a place to eat, I love live music, do you have any suggestions?
Where should I search?
I'd like to go to Oakland.
What kind of food would you like?
I think a breakfast & brunch place would be perfect.
I found 1 restaurant, the Eve's Waterfront is found in Oakland
Is it pricy? What's their address?
The price range is moderate, and their address is 15 embarcadero west.
That sounds great!
Should I make a reservation?
Yes I'd love one.
What time should i make it for?
Make it for 12:30 in the afternoon.
Please confirm the following: You'd like a reservation at eve's waterfront in Oakland, at 12:30 pm today for 2?
Yes, do they serve liquor?
The reservation is secured. They do serve alcohol.
Thank you very much! That's all I need.
Have a nice day
I want to find a Japanese restaurant.
What city would you like?
In San Francisco
I have 10 options for you. 2g Japanese Brasserie located in San Francisco is nice.
Yes that is awesome.
Would you like to make a reservation.
Yes please do.
What time would you like?
12:15 in the afternoon this Saturday for one person.
Making a reservation for 1 person at 2g Japanese Brasserie located in San Francisco tomorrow at 12:15 pm.
Yes do they sere Alcohol
They do server alcohol. Sorry i was unable to make the resvation for that time. Will a reservation for 1 person at 2g Japanese Brasserie located in San Francisco tomorrow at 12 pm work?
yes that works.
Your reservation is confirmed
What is their number? DO they have live music.
Their number is 415-292-9997. They do not have live music.
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else.
No that will be all.
have a great day.
Can you tell me a four star restaurant nearby?
What style of restaurant would you like me to find? Which city should I search?
Malaysian in Burlingame would be great.
Coconut Bay Thai Restaurant in a highly rated eatery in Burlingame
What is the contact info? Will there be live music?
The number is 650-558-8268. They do not have live music unfortunately.
That'll work just fine
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please, make a reservation
For what time shall I reserve your table?
I'd like a table at 11 in the morning on the 9th.
Confirm these details please: Coconut Bay Thai Restaurant in Burlingame at 11 am on march 9th, 2 people.
Yep that works
Reservation successful!
What is the price range and address?
The pricing is moderate and they are located on 1107 Howard Avenue.
Thanks, that's perfect
Have a nice day and enjoy your reservation.
I would like to look for a place where I could eat in Vacaville.
Do you have any kind of food as preference? Like Mexican, American or anything else.
I think I am craving for sushi.
I have found 2 restaurants and one of it is Hisui | Japanese Restaurant that is nicely located in Vacaville.
I prefer a restaurant with a live music and by the way how's the price?
Unfortunately they do not have live music and the price is range is moderate.
Okay, I still make it a go. Please make a reservation for me at 13:30.
Please do confirm the following details; reservation in Hisui | Japanese Restaurant at Vacaville will be made at 1:30 pm for 2 persons today.
Confirming all the details are correct. But how about the contact number, do you have it? and one more question, please. Are they serving alcoholic beverages?
Reservation is successful. And for the last question, they are not serving alcoholic beverages. Their contact number is 707-448-4002.
Alright, thank you.
Do you need help with anything else?
No, thank you!
Have a wonderful day.
I'd like to find somewhere to eat.
What type of food would you like to eat?
I want some kind of Southern food in Sausalito.
A great restaurant in Sausalito is the Barrel House Tavern.
Is there liquor? What is the budget like?
The price range is expensive and they do serve alcohol.
Sounds good. Make a reservation at 13:30 at the restaurant.
Please confirm: Reservation for 2 today at 1:30 pm at the Barrel House Tavern in Sausalito.
Yes, that sounds fine.
No reservations were available. Anything else I can help with?
Please make a reservation at a restaurant for one in the afternoon.
Please confirm: A table for 2 today at 1 pm at the Barrel House Tavern in Sausalito.
Yes, that sounds good. What is the phone number?
The reservation has been made. They can be reached at 415-729-9593.
Okay, thank you.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all.
Okay, have a great day.
I would like to find a restaurant in Oakland.
Would you like Indian food, Mexican or anything else?
I would like some Pasta.
There is 8 restaurant, One is A16 located in Oakland.
What is another restaurant?
Belotti Ristorante E Bottega is located in Oakland.
What is another restaurant?
Contrasto is located in Oakland.
Yes, reservation for two people please.
What time would work?
Make it at 11:45 in the morning.
Booking a table at Contrasto in Oakland for today at 11:45 am for 2 people.
Yes, that works thank you.
I was not able to reserve a table for 2 at Contrasto at that time, would you like to go at 12 pm today?
Yes, that time works.
Your reservation was made.
Can I have their phone number?
Yes, it's 510-918-3205.
What is their location?
Their address is 388 Grand Avenue.
Thank you very much.
Can I help with anything else?
No, thank you very much.
Have a good day.
I'm taking a friend out to dinner. Can you recommend a place to eat nearby?
What kind of restaurant would you like to eat at?
The perfect place would serve Parisian food.
Where should I find a place to eat?
I would like to eat in San Francisco.
There are 10 highly recommended restaurants near you in San Francisco, including Amelie San Francisco.
What is the price range there? Can you find their number?
Their prices are in the moderate range and their phone number is 415-292-6916
That's perfect! I would like to make a reservation.
What time would you like to eat?
We want to eat in the morning 11.
So you are saying you would like me to make a reservation for 2 people at 11 am today at Amelie San Francisco in the city of San Francisco.
Yes, thank you.
Your reservation has been made.
Do they have a bar there?
Yes, they have a bar that serves alcohol.
Where is the restaurant located? Is there live music scheduled to play?
There is no live music there. They are located at 1754 Polk Street.
Thanks!
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, thank you.
Enjoy your day!
I want to take my boss out to eat so I can pitch my proposal to him away from all my other co-workers.
It would be my pleasure to help you. What location should I narrow my search to and what type of cuisine do you prefer? You can say things like American, Indian, or any other type of cuisine.
I would like it close to the office in SF and I think my boss likes burgers.
There is a total of 10 restaurants that match your criteria. The closest one is 5a5 Steak lounge in San Francisco.
What is their price range and do they serve alcoholic beverages?
They are in the expensive range and they do serve alcohol.
That sounds like a nice place. Please set the reservations for that restaurant at 17:30.
Great, so you would like a table for 2, today at 5:30 pm at 5a5 Steak Lounge located in San Francisco. Is that correct?
That's right. Can you give me their phone number in case I have to cancel and do they have live music or any other kind of entertainment?
Sorry, no live music that I can see. Their phone number is 415-989-2539.
Thanks, that will be all.
Have a god day and enjoy your meal.
Please find me a restaurant at which I can eat.
What kind of restaurant would you like to eat at? I've found Chinese, American, and several others in your location. What area would you like to have dinner?
I want to have Taiwanese food in San Fran.
There are 10 restaurants in San Francisco that meet your requirements. One is Alice's restaurant, it has good reviews.
Please find other restaurants.
There is another restaurant in San Francisco called Bamboo Restaurant that has good reviews.
Please suggest other restaurants.
There is another restaurant in San Francisco called Bei Fang Style that has positive reviews.
That sounds like a good choice.
Would you like to book a table there?
Yes, I want to book a table.
Please tell me at which time you'd like the reservation.
I would like to reserve a table at 14:00.
Please verify the following details. You would like to reserve a table for 2 pm today at Bei Fang Style in San Francisco.
Yes, please reserve the table.
I apologize, but I was unable to make the reservation.
Please try reserving again at 11:45.
Please verify the following details. You would like to reserve a table at 11:45 am today for 2 diners at Bei Fang Style in San Francisco.
Yes. Please reserve the table.
I apologize, but I was unable to reserve a table. Do you require any further assistance?
No thank you.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Find me a good restaurant.
In which city are you planning to dine and what cuisine are you interested in?
If like to have a light meal in Benicia.
There's 1 restaurant. Lucca Bar & Grill in Benicia is a good place.
Do they have live music?
Yes, they do.
What's their location? Do they serve liquor?
They're located at 439 1st Street and they serve alcohol.
That's great. I'd like to reserve a table there.
At what time will you be arriving there?
My plan is to be there by 1:30 in the afternoon.
Please confirm that you need a table for 2 at the Lucca Bar & Grill in Benicia at 1:30 pm today.
Hold on. Make it 11:30 in the morning and it is for just 1 person.
Okay. So you want a table for 1 at 11:30 am. Correct?
That's absolutely right.
The reservation was not successful. Shall I try to reserve a table for 1 at Lucca Bar & Grill at 11 am today?
Yes. That works for me.
Your table has been reserved.
Thank you. That's all I need for now.
Have a great day!
I want to find a place to eat.
What city are you looking for? What kind of food? Mexican, Indian, etc.
I want to find Asian Fusion in San Francisco.
There is a nice restaurant called 8 Immortals Restaurant in San Francisco.
Is liquor served?
No, alcohol is not served.
Are there any other restaurants?
Bai Thong Thai is a restaurant in San Francisco.
What is the address and phone number?
The address is 298 Gough Street and the phone number is 415-863-9335.
Yes, sounds good.
Did you want to make a reservation?
Yes, make a reservation, please.
What time do you want to make the reservation for?
Make it for 7:30 pm.
Please confirm: A table for 2 at Bai Thong Thai in San Francisco today at 7:30 pm.
Yes, that sounds great.
Sorry, your reservation was unsuccessful. Anything else I can help with?
Try again for a reservation at 18:00.
Please confirm: A table for 2 at Bai Thong Thai in San Francisco today at 6 pm.
Yes, sounds great. Do they serve liquor at the restaurant?
They do not serve alcohol, unfortunately. Your reservation was successfully made.
Thanks so much.
Anything else I can do for you?
No. That will be all.
Have a great day.
What places are there to eat around here?
What food are you looking to purchase?
I am craving some Mediterranean food!
Okay, which city would you like me to search?
Preferably in SF.
I have found a nice restaurant named Barcha located in San Francisco, CA.
Perfect, that works for me!
Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes I would like to make a reservation.
What time would you like your reservation?
11:15 would be ideal.
Just to confirm...you would like me to book a table for 2 at Barcha in San Francisco at 11:15 am for today.
Yeah that will work.
The table has been successfully reserved.
Thank you for your help, that is all that I need!
No problem, have a good day.
I'd like to find a place to eat please.
Sure, what type of cuisine would you like? Indian, Mexican, something else?
Mexican food sounds good.
Ok, which city will you be dining in?
I will be in San Mateo.
Ok, Celia's is a fine Mexican restaurant in San Mateo.
Do you know if they have live music?
No, they do not offer live music.
Ok, that will be fine.
Can I reserve you a table?
Yes, please.
What day and time will you be dining out?
On the 8th, at 11 in the morning if possible.
Sure, so that's next Friday at 11 am for 2 people at Celia's in San Mateo?
Yep, sounds good!
Ok, you're all set!
Perfect, thank you so much!
Absolutely, have a wonderful time.
I am looking to eat in SFO
Do you prefer American or Chinese food?
I want some Persian food
I found 10 persian food restaurant. I suggest Barcha in San Francisco
ok that works, please reserve a seat for two people on March 3rd
What time would you like to go
Book it 10:45 in the morning
Please confirm your booking with Barcha in San Francisco on the day after tomorrow at 10:45 am for 2 people
Thats correct. do they have liquor? what is their intermediate priced
This restaurant serve alcohol and the price range is expensive. Your reservation is confirmed
Thanks
Have a nice day
I want to find a restaurant.
What type of food would like? You can say Italian, Chinese, BBQ, o something else?
Asian Fusion sounds nice.
What city are you located?
Santa Clara
I have 7 options for you. Beijing Restaurant in Santa Clara is nice.
That sounds good. I want to reserve a table.
What time would you like for your reservation.
at 18:45 for 2 people/
Making a 6:45 pm dinner reservation for 2 people at Beijing Restaurant today in Santa Clara. Is that correct?
Yes it great.
Your reservation is successful.
Where is it located?
It is located at 1460 Halford Avenue.
Do they have live music and serve Alcoholic drinks?
Sorry they do not.
Thanks that will be all.
Have a great day!
Do you know a place where I can get some food?
Which city should I search in? What kind of food do you want to eat?
I'd like to eat some Afghan food in Oakland.
I found 1 restaurant in Oakland, Kamdesh Afghan Kabab House.
Can you give their contact number and address?
You can call Kamdesh Afghan Kabab House at 510-286-1900. They are located at 332 14th Street.
Yes, that will work for me.
Do you want to make a reservation at this restaurant?
Yes, I'd like to make a reservation.
What time do you want to place your reservation?
Reserve me a place for 5:30 in the evening.
Please confirm the following details: I will book a table for 2 at Kamdesh Afghan Kabab House in Oakland at 5:30 PM today.
Yes, that works for me. Do they play live music? Is the price range lavish?
I have placed your reservation. They have no live music and their price range is moderate.
Thank you, that will be all.
Have a good day.
I am looking for a place to eat in Oakland.
I can help you with that. What kind of food are you interested in?
I would like Jamaican if you can find any place. Also, I want somewhere that has live music.
I have 1 that you may like. Kingston 11 Cuisine is located in Oakland.
How expensive is their menu?
Their price range is moderate.
Yes, that works for me.
Would you like to reserve a table now?
Yes, please.
What time would you prefer?
Please make it at twelve pm.
Please confirm: You are reserving a table for 2 people today at 12 pm, at Kingston 11 Cuisine in Oakland.
No, sorry, change of plans. I would like the 3rd of March instead.
Please confirm this update: you are reserving a table at 12 pm on the day after tomorrow.
No, sorry, please make it March 4th instead.
OK, please confirm: You want a reservation for 2 people on next Monday.
Yes, that works for me. What is their address? Do they serve alcohol?
Sorry, I was not able to make that reservation. Can I help you with anything else?
I want to try booking again. Is there anything available at 7:30 pm?
Please confirm: you would like to reserve a table for 2 people at Kingston 11 Cuisine in Oakland. The reservation is next Monday at 7:30 pm.
Yes, please.
Sorry, there are no tables available at that time. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thanks. That's all.
Have a good day.
I'd like to find a place to eat with Szcheuan food.
Where should I search?
I would like Santa Rosa.
There are 3 restaurants I found including Gary Chu's in Santa Rosa.
Tell me the address.
The address is 611 5th Street.
That works for me and I'd like to make a reservation at the restaurant.
Tell me the time for the reservation.
Make the reservation at 5:30 pm.
Please let me know if these details are confirmed. I'd like to book a table for 2 today at Gary Chu's in Santa Rosa for 5:30 pm.
That will work. Is there live music and liquor?
The reservation is successful having live music and alcohol.
Thanks so much. That's all that is needed.
Have a great day.
I am looking for somewhere to eat in Alamo.
What kind of food do you want?
I want some American food that is moderate priced.
I have 1 restaurant. Xenia Bistro is a nice restaurant in Alamo.
Yes, that sounds good. Can you reserve it for March 8th?
What time do you need the reservation?
Make the reservation at seven pm.
Please confirm that you want a table for 2 at Xenia Bistro in Alamo for 7 pm on next Friday.
No, make it at one in the afternoon.
So please confirm that you want to book a table at Xenia Bistro at 1 pm.
No, make it for three people on the 14th of this month.
Please confirm that you want to reserve for 3 people on March 14th.
That should work.
Your reservation was a success.
Thank you. That is all the help I needed.
Have a great day.
I have a meeting and we plan to get food together. Can you help me to find a place to eat?
What type or restaurant do you like? Do you prefer classic American or something like a Mexican type? Do you want to eat here or in another city?
We will eat in Alameda, and I am looking forward to eat some tacos.
Okay, so I know 2 very good restaurants in Alameda, one of them is names Acapulco.
Perfect, so I want to make a reservation, then.
At what time do you want to eat?
We will go at five pm.
Okay perfect, so confirm me that you 2 will be at the restaurant Acapulco in Alameda today at 5 pm, please.
Yes, that's okay.
Okay, then your reservation is made.
Thank you very much.
Do you need anything else?
No, I'm good. Thanks.
Have a nice day. Bye.
Could you help me find a place to eat?
Of course. What city did you want to start looking in?
Look for something in San Francisco.
Did you have any particular kind of food in mind?
I'd definitely like something affordable. Actually, some Shabu-shabu sounds great right now.
There's a spot in San Francisco called Shabu Club. How about that?
Do they serve alcohol?
They do not I'm afraid.
Okay, then are there any other restaurants that'll work?
How about Shabu House? That's another option in San Francisco
Do they have any liquor there?
No, they don't serve it either.
Okay, let's keep looking then. Let's look at pricey restaurants now. How about a Barbecue place?
There's a good barbecue place in San Francisco called 1760.
Alright, let's go with that.
Did you want to make a reservation now?
Yes, I would. Set one for a quarter past 5 in the evening.
Alright, to be clear, you want a table reserved at 1760 in San Francisco at 5:15 pm today? Do you want to reserve it for 2 people?
Actually, no, let's make the reservation for 7 pm.
Sure. So, the reservation is at 7 pm at 1760 in San Francisco?
Yup, that'll be perfect.
Okay, your reservation has been made.
Thank you. That's all I need for now.
Enjoy the rest of your day then.
I am searching for a place to eat.
What kind of food are you looking for? For example, you can say American, Indian, or anything else. And what city should I search in?
I want to order food in San Jose, specifically Spicy Indian food which would be perfect.
There is a nice restaurant named 8elements in San Jose.
What other restaurants are available?
There is another nice restaurant in San Jose called Amber India.
I am looking for a suggestion for a restaurant with moderate pricing.
There are 4 restaurants In San Jose, one of them being a nice restaurant called Caspian Village.
The address is what?
2881 The Villages Parkway is the correct address.
What number can they be reached at?
They can be reached at 408-528-8500
That works, I would like to book a reservation.
The reservation is for what time?
I would like it on March 11th, morning 11.
The following details need to be confirmed. I am booking a table at Caspian Village in San Jose. It is for 2 people on March 11th at 11 am.
That works for me.
You reservation has been successfully placed.
That is all I needed, thank you very much.
Have a good day.
Can you help me to find an affordable place to eat out?
Any particular city?
I want to go to El Cerrito.
What kind of food do you fancy? Chinese, Mexican, anything else?
I'd like to try some Korean food.
I found 1 option- Ancient Szechuan in El Cerrito.
Can you tell me the contact number and address?
The phone number is 510-524-8772, the address is 10675 San Pablo Avenue.
That sounds good.
Shall I reserve a table?
Yes please, make it at 12:45.
So I'll book a table for 2 people at Ancient Szechuan in El Cerrito, for 12:45 pm today. Is that okay?
Yes, that sounds good.
The reservation was successful!
Thanks a lot, that's all for now.
Have a good day!
I am meeting a friend later and we plan to get food together. Can you find me a restaurant nearby?
What kind of food would you like the restaurant to serve?
Can you find me a restaurant that serves freshwater fish that's close by?
Of course. Which city should I look for this restaurant in?
I would like it to be in Half Moon Bay, please.
Great. I found a nice restaurant named Flying Fish Bar & Grill that is located in Half Moon Bay. It has very good ratings.
Does this restaurant happen to serve liquor? If so, what is their address?
They do indeed serve alcohol. Their address is 211 San Mateo Road.
Great, that works perfectly.
Would you like me to reserve a table for you here?
Yes I would like to make a reservation for 4 people at 11:00, please.
Perfect. You're almost set. If I can kindly ask you to confirm the following details: You are booking a table today at Flying Fish Bar & Grill in Half Moon Bay, for 4 people at 11 am.
Yes, works for me. Can I ask for their contact number as well?
I'm so sorry, it looks as though this restaurant has no available bookings at the time you were looking for. Can I help you with anything else?
I want to make a reservation at this restaurant for another time. Let's try five pm this time.
Fantastic, I'll need you to confirm the updated details: Booking a table at Flying Fish Bar & Grill in Half Moon Bay. The reservation is for today at 5 pm, and it is for 4 people.
Yes, sounds good. All of the details are correct.
I was able to successfully book your reservation. Thanks for your patience.
Thank you very much. That will be all for today, I appreciate it.
Have a wonderful day, and a great dining experience.
Can you help me choose a place to eat?
What are you in the mood for?
I like French cuisine best.
What town will you eat in?
I think I want San Fran.
A nice French option in San Francisco is Amelie San Francisco.
I don't like that place, they have bad reviews, is there somewhere else?
Try Aquitaine Wine Bar & Bistro. They are also in San Francisco.
How about liquor? Is it reasonably priced?
Prices there are moderate, but they don't have alcohol.
I think that'll work anyway. Can you reserve a table for me for three?
I can sure try, what time do you want to eat?
How about a nice lunch? Will 12:45 in the afternoon work?
Please let me know if I have this right? A table for 3 at Aquitaine Wine Bar & Bistro in San Francisco. Today at 12:45 pm?
That is the exact thing I want.
You have a table.
How can I reach them?
I have a phone number of 415-402-5290.
Can you tell me if there is any live music there? What is their street number?
They are on 175 Sutter Street but they don't have any music.
Ok, Thanks. That'll do. That'll do.
Enjoy your lunch.
I want to find a restaurant.
What city or town?
I want a restaurant in Mountain View, preferably something low-cost, but with good reviews.
Do you have a preference for type of food? You can say Indian, American, Italian, or something else.
I've heard there are some good Ramen places.
In Mountain View, Momoya Sushi has a good rating.
That sounds pretty good.
Should I reserve a table for you?
Yes, please, for today.
What time would you like to arrive?
It should be as close to 6 in the evening as possible.
Please confirm the following details: Reservation for 2 people at Momoya Sushi in Mountain View, for today at 6 pm.
Yes, that's exactly what I want.
The reservation has been confirmed at Momoya Sushi in Mountain View for today at 6 pm.
Could you give me their address?
The address for Momoya Sushi in Mountain View is 570 North Shoreline Boulevard J.
Great. Thanks so much.
May I assist you with anything else?
No, I think that was all.
Enjoy your dinner at Momoya Sushi.
I feel I need to eat outside in a nice place, can you help me?
Do you prefer any special kind of food like Indian, Chinese or any other food?
Yes, I prefer some Curry variety and it will be on affordable price.
Any particular City, do I need to search for?
Yes, search it in Oakland, that is convenient for me.
found 1 and it is Annapurna Restaurant & Bar located in Oakland. How about your opinion?
any Liquor supply is available there? get me the contact number.
The phone number is 510-250-9696 and sorry, they do not serve alcohol.
It's okay, make me a reservation.
at what time?
Make it at evening 6.
Please confirm to book a table at Annapurna Restaurant & Bar in Oakland City at 6 pm for 2 people on today.
Yes, that is perfect, shall I know the address?
Sorry, I could not make the reservation as you required and can I help you in any other way?
Yes, can you change the time to 7 o"clock in the evening?
please confirm to book a table at Annapurna Restaurant & Bar in Oakland City at 7 pm for 2 people on today
Yes, that's fine, Are they offering any live music there?
No, they don't offer it and your reservation is confirmed.
Thanks, that's all
Have a great day.
I'm hungry! Can you find me a restaurant?
Sure? Please tell me which city would you like to find a restaurant in and also if you prefer a specific type of food.
Szcheuan in South San Francisco would be perfect!
There are 3 restaurants matching your criteria out of which I'd recommend King Sun Buffet, located in South San Francisco.
Anything else, budget priced?
Maybe New Golden Wok, located in South San Francisco as well?
Are there any other restaurants?
In South San Francisco there's also The Night Market.
Do you know their contact number and if they serve liquor?
Unfortunately they do not serve liquor. You can reach them at 650-634-8388.
That sounds perfect!
Do you want me to place a reservation for you?
Yes, if possible.
For what time do you want the reservation?
Please make it for 11:15.
Can you please confirm that you want a reservation for a table for 2 at The Night Market in South San Francisco, today at 11:15 am.
Yes, that's correct.
Unfortunately I was unable to book the table for you at The Night Market. Do you want me to try to get you a table for 2 today at 11:30 am?
Yes, that's also fine.
I've managed to place your reservation.
Thanks so much for everything! That will be all for now.
Have a good one!
I would like to eat out.
In what city would you like to eat?
I want a place to eat in Berkeley.
What style of food would you like? Chinese and Italian are a few options of many.
I really want some Freshwater fish.
Fresh fish can be found at Akemi Japanese Restaurant in Berkeley.
What is their phone number?
You can reach them at 510-524-1286.
Give me their address. Is the menu pricey?
They are located at 1695 Solano Avenue. Their prices are moderate.
I would like to make a reservation at Akemi.
What time would you like?
6:30 pm please.
I will book a table for 2 at Akemi Japanese Restaurant in Berkeley at 6:30 pm today. Is that correct?
Yes that is good.
I have made the reservation.
Thank you very much.
Until we meet again.
I'm hungry. Can you find me a place to eat nearby?
What kind of restaurant would you like? Maybe American, Chinese, or anything else?
Please find me a Izakaya restaurant in Fremont.
Just found 4 in Fremont. I would recommend Satomi Sushi.
Can you suggest an afforadable restaurant in SFO?
In San Francisco you can go to 2g Japanese Brasserie.
Can you suggest anything else?
Ace Wasabi Rock-n-roll Sushi is also a good choice for Izakaya in San Francisco.
Do you know if they serve alcoholic drinks and, also, can you give me their address.
They don't serve liquor and their address is 3339 Steiner Street.
Sounds OK. Can you book me a table there for 11:30 am?
Sure. Please confirm that you want me to book you a table to Ace Wasabi Rock-n-roll Sushi in San Francisco for today at 11:30 am for 2 persons.
Yep, that's perfect!
Perfect. I've booked your table.
Do you know if they have live music? Also, please give me their number.
Unfortunately they don't have a live band. You can reach them at 415-567-4903.
Thanks for your help!
My pleasure. Can I be of further assistance?
Nope. Thanks a lot!
Have a good one!
I would like to fins restaurant that serves Spicy Indian cuisine.
What city would you like for me to look in?
Close to Dublin
I have 3 options for you. Chaat Bhavan located in Dublin is rated really good.
That sounds good.
Would you like to reserve a table here?
Yes please do.
What time would you like?
5 pm would be best.
Going to Chaat Bhavan in Dublin today at 5 pm for 2 people. Is that Correct?
Yes is perfect.
Your reservation is confirmed
Thanks for your help.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Nor. That will be all.
Have a great day!
I will eat later, please find me a place.
What kind of food are you planning to eat?
I don't know, some Sushi would be perfect, I guess.
In which city should I be looking for Sushi food?
I want to eat in Danville.
I found one nice place: Akira Bistro, located in Danville, as you want it.
I'm in the mood for live music, do they have it there?
No, they don't.
Can you suggest me any other restaurant?
There is another nice one in Danville, the Blue Gingko Blackhawk.
Can you give me more options? I want it in Milpitas now.
Ok. I found 2 nice restaurants in Milpitas, one of them is the My No.1 Sushi & Tofu.
Do they serve liquor there? Tell me their address, please.
Yes, they do serve alcohol, and their street address is 1747 North Milpitas Boulevard.
Yep, that is good for me. Please make one reservation for me on 11th of March.
What time do you want the reservation?
1 pm.
Please confirm the details: you want to book a table at My No.1 Sushi & Tofu in Milpitas at 1 pm on March 11th, for 2 people. Is that correct?
Yes, it is. What's their contact number? And how pricey are they?
Your reservation was sucessful. Their phone number is 408-946-5100. Their price range is moderate;
Thanks.
Do you still need help with anything?
Not anymore. Thank you very much.
Have a good day.
I'm looking for a restaurant.
In which city? And which type of cuisine, like Chinese or Indian, etc.
I want Pizza and Pasta in Santa Rosa.
I found 10 restaurants that match this. There's Basilico in Santa Rosa.
Any other places?
Ca'bianca is in Santa Rosa.
Do they have live music and serve alcohol?
They don't have live music or alcohol.
That works.
Would you like to book a table?
Yes, for one.
For what time?
For 7:30 pm.
Please confirm: Table for 1 at Ca'bianca, 7:30 pm today in Santa Rosa.
That works.
I was unable to reserve a table. Can I help with something else?
Try booking it again, for 4 people.
Please confirm: Table for 4 at Ca'bianca, 7:30 pm today in Santa Rosa.
That's great.
I couldn't make that reservation. Anything else I can help with?
Try booking again, afternoon 12:30.
Please confirm: Table for 4 in Ca'bianca, today at 12:30 pm in Santa Rosa.
Yes. What's their phone number?
Reservation complete. The number is 707-542-5800.
Thank you.
Anything else I can do?
No, thank you.
Have a nice day.
I want to eat something that is not very costly.
In what city?
Alameda
What kind of food? Chinese, Indian, or something else?
Something like Freshwater fish.
Pier 29 matches your search, it's located in Alameda.
Ok, make a reservation at Pier 29 for today.
What time will the reservation be for?
6 in the evening.
Confirm that you want to book a table at Pier 29 in Alameda for 6 pm today for 2 people.
No I want it on the 3rd of this month and for six people.
Confirm that the date is the day after tomorrow and for 6 people.
Yes I confirm and do they serve liquor?
Reservation successful and they do not serve alcohol.
How about live music?
No live music.
Thank you, that's all I need.
Have a good day.
I'm looking for an affordable place to eat.
Are you looking for Chinese food? Italian food? Some other kind of food? Which city are you planning on eating in?
I want to eat in Hercules and I'm in the mood for freshwater fish.
A nice restaurant in Hercules is Claws And Craws.
That'll work. I'd like a reservation there.
What time should the reservation be?
I'm gonna say 1:30 PM
Okay so a reservation for 2 at Claws And Craws in Hercules for 1:30 pm today?
Actually instead make it 6:30 in the evening.
Okay so a table at Claws and Craws at 6:30 pm?
That'll work. Will liquor be available at the restaurant?
I've made the reservation. They don't serve alcohol.
Thanks. That'll be all.
Have a good day!
Search eateries in San Fran. please
Sure, no problem. What kind of eateries are you interested in today?
I think Korean Barbeque sound wonderful.
May i suggest Aato in San francisco, this is a great restaurant.
Sure, that really sounds great. Let's make reservations for 2 people please.
Sure, for what time?
Let's say 1 pm, please.
No problem. Please confirm: Reservation for 2, at Aato in San Francisco at 1 pm today. Does this sound correct?
No, please change it to 7:30 in the evening. Let's also change it to tomorrow.
Sure, please confirm: Reservation for 7:30 pm tomorrow?
Perfect. Find out if they have live music please.
Unfortunately, they do not have live music. I did confirm your reservation for you.
Thanks your a big help.
Your welcome. Can I help with anything else?
No. That will be all.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you help me find a place to eat?
You like Chinese , Mexican food or anything else and in what city would you prefer to be?
I would like to be in Milpitas.I would prefer to be reasonably priced and some Quick meal.
I found in Milpitas a nice restaurant named Olive Garden Italian Restaurant.
Can you tell me if they have live music and the contact number?
No they do not have live music,their contact phone is 408-935-8176.
Another restaurant can you recommend?
In Milpitas a nice restaurant is located, named Red Chillies The Malabar Cuisine.
I think it would fit me perfectly
You want to make for you a reservation?
Yes will be perfect
At what time would you like to go?
At 11:15 am will be good for me
Book a table at Red Chillies The Malabar Cuisine in Milpitas today at 11:15 am for 2 person.This is true?
Yes perfect.Can you tell me if they have live music available and the address
Sorry, reservation failed.They are locaded at 167 South Main Street and don t have live music.If you want I can make one for 2 people at 11 am today for Red Chillies The Malabar Cuisine.
Yes will be ok for me
Reservation was successful made.
Thanks ,that is all that I needed
Have a great day!
Find places to eat please.
Sure. What kind of food? Which city would you prefer I search?
Let's look in Concord. I am thinking Sushi sounds good.
Sure, one moment. I have located 3 restaurants. May I suggest Benihana's it's located in Concord.
What's the address and phone number please?
Their phone number is 925-827-4220. They are located at 1989 Diamond Boulevard.
Give me other recommendations please.
How about Kamrai Sushi & Thai Grill, this is a nice restaurant as well located in Concord.
Could you please give me suggestions for other restaurants that are budget friendly please.
Sure thing. I have found 1 restaurant, Sushi Momoyama located Concord.
Yes that will do. I'll need reservations please.
Sure, What time is good for you?
How about this evening 4:45 for 1 person please.
One moment. Please confirm: Reservation for 1 at Sushi Momoyama in Concord at 4:45 pm for today. Does this sound correct?
yes. That is right.
Ok. Your reservation is successfully made.
Thanks. your a big help.
your welcome. will there be anything else, I can assist with?
No. That will be all.
Have a great day.
Can you search for a place where Coffeehouse kind of food is available.
Which city do you want me to look in?
Search for the place around Pleasanton.
There is 1 Mcdonald's restaurant located in Pleasanton.
Yes, That sounds great.
DO you want me to reserve a table there?
Yes please! Make a reservation for a table.
What time do you want me to make the reservation at?
Make the reservation at quarter past 1 in the afternoon.
Please confirm the following details: You want me to make a reservation for 2 people at Mcdonald's for today at 1:15 pm in Pleasanton.
No. Change the time to 6 pm and date to March 2nd.
Please confirm the details again: You want me to make a reservation at 6 pm tomorrow.
Okay that sounds good to me. Find me the address and search weather the price is lavish?
Your reservation is made successfully. The address is 3001 Bernal Avenue and the price range is inexpensive.
Okay. Thank you for your help.
Do you want me to help you with anything else?
No. That will be all. Thank you.
I am glad I could help. Have a great day.
Can you help me find a low priced restaurant in the area?
Yes, I can help. What type of food are you hungry for?
I'd like to find some Punjabi food in Foster City.
There is 1 restaurant that meets your needs in Foster City. May I suggest Tabla Indian Restaurant?
That's fine. I'd like to make a reservation for two at 13:45.
Let me review that with you. You'd like a reservation for 2 at Tabla Indian Restaurant in Foster City today at 1:45 pm. Is this correct?
Perfect. Can you tell me the address of the business?
Their address is 1088 Shell Boulevard c. I'm sorry but there are no reservations available for 1:45. I can make a reservation for 2 at Tabla Indian Restaurant today at 1:30 pm instead if that works for you.
That would be fine.
Great. Your reservation has been confirmed.
Thank you so much for your help.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that will be all. Thank you again.
You're welcome. Enjoy your meal!
I am interested in eating place
Which city and what type of food you are interested in like Chinese , Indian or any other thing
I am looking for Asian Fusion kind of food in Fairfield
I have found out 1 restaurant Sticky Rice Chinese Bistro & Bar in Fairfield and it is very good
This is perfect for me and i need a reservation on March 11th
What time you want me to make reservation?
I want you to make reservation at half past 6 in the evening
Please give confirmation details: Table booking at Sticky Rice Chinese Bistro & Bar in Fairfield city reserved for 2 people at 6:30 pm on March 11th
This is perfect for me
Reservation is done for you
Thanks for the help
Is there any other help from me?
No, thanks for now
Have a nice day
I need a place to get a meal, can you help?
Yeah, sure, where am I looking?
Please search in SFO.
Okay. What kind of food do you want?
I want Pizza and Pasta, anything Italian really.
Sure, 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano is available in San Francisco. Is that okay?
Yeah, that sounds great.
Cool, would you like to book a table?
Yes thanks, please do it.
What time do you want it for?
evening 5, thanks.
Please confirm that you'd like a table for 2 at 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in San Francisco today from 5 pm.
No, it's meant to be for three people on Sunday this week.
Oh, okay. You want a table for 3 on the day after tomorrow.
No, it's for four people.
Okay, please confirm that you want a table at 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano for 4 people.
Yes that's perfect. Do they serve alcohol? Is it a budget restaurant?
No their price is moderate, they do serve alcohol though. Your booking is complete.
Thanks a lot!
That's okay. Anything else?
No thanks, that's all.
Okay, have a great day.
I want to find a restaurant in San Fran.
What type of food would you?
Mediterranean would be great.
Barcha located in San Francisco is nice.
IS there live music and is it price rage moderate?
There is no live music and it is in the expensive range.
Do you have another option?
Boulibar Located in San Francisco is nice.
What is another option?
Goood Frikin chicken located in San Francisco is nice.
Yes that sounds awesome.
Can I make a reservation for you?
Yes please do.
What time would like the reservation for?
5:30 in the evening please.
You would like a 5:30 pm dinner reservation today for 2 people at Goood Frikin chicken in San Francisco. Is that correct?
Yes that sounds ok.
Your reservation is made.
What is the address and do they serve Alcohol?
They are located at 10 29th Street and they do not serve alcohol.
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that will be all.
Have a great day!
Im searching for a place to eat.
Which city you want?
I want it in Richmond.
What kind of food do you wish like Chinese, Indian or anything else.
Some Ramen kind of food will be great for me
I could see 1 restaurant named Tokyo Shabusushi Restaurant which is a good restaurant in Richmond.
How pricey will it be. Does they play live music?
Their prices are moderate, which do not have live music.
Yes thats perfect for me.
Would you like to book a table?
Yes I want to make a booking. Make it at 18:00
Please confirm this : Booking a table at Tokyo Shabusushi Restaurant in Richmond at 6 pm for 2 people today
No. Make it for 4 people.
Please confirm this : The reservation is at 6 pm for 4 people.
No. Make it on next Friday for 3 people
Please confirm this : The booking is for 3 people on next Friday
Yes thats great for me
Your booking is successful
Thanks a lot. Thats all I want.
Have a great day
I am looking for somewhere to eat Lobster.
Which city?
I want to eat in Hayward.
I found Sapporo Restaurant in Hayward.
Yes, that will work for me. Please make me a reservation for 5 in the evening.
I have a reservation for Sapporo Restaurant in Hayward at 5 pm for 2 people today.
Yes perfect. Do they serve liquor or have live music?
Sorry I was unable to make a reservation. The do not have live music or serve alcohol at Sapporo Restaurant. Shall I Try to make a reservation for 2 people today at 5:30 pm?
That would be great.
Your reservation is made.
Thank you!
May I help you with anything more?
No, thank you.
Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a place to eat, that's also economical in price. Some Persian food sounds perfect.
I can definitely help you. What city should I search in?
Great! I am looking for food in Oakland.
I actually found 3 great restaurant choices for you. I found Dyafa, which is a very nice restaurant, and is in Oakland.
Alright, could you actually suggest any other restaurants for me? But in San Fran this time.
I found 6 more restaurants for you in San Francisco. One of them is La Marsa which is a very nice restaurant.
Sound great. What is their contact number? Do you know if they serve liquor?
Their phone number is 415-872-9767 and they do serve alcohol!
Perfect! That sounds great. Can I make a reservation for two people?
Okay! What time did you want the reservation for?
Go ahead and make it at 1:15 pm.
Alright, and just to confirm: We are making a reservation for 2 people at La Marsa, in San Francisco, for 1:15 pm today.
Actually I would like the reservation for only one person for the 2nd of this month.
No problem! Just to confirm: We are making a reservation for 1 person, tomorrow, at La Marsa.
Actually, can we make it for 7:30 pm on March 12th?
Absolutely. Just to confirm: We are making a reservation for 1 person at La Marsa, on 7:30 pm March 12th.
Yes, that is perfect. Do they have live music?
Great, I went ahead and made that reservation for you, and unfortunately, they do not have live music.
That's alright, thank you very much.
Was there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Thanks, again!
You're welcome and have a great day!
Find me a place to eat that also serves alcohol.
Are you looking for a specific cuisine like Italian or Indian?
Something like a Diner should do.
In which city are you looking for the restaurant?
Find me something in Pleasanton that is priced above average.
There's 1 such restaurant. It is Sabio On Main in Pleasanton.
Do they play live music?
Sorry, they do not have live music.
Where are they located?
Their address is 501 Main Street.
That sounds good to me.
What else would you like me to do?
I'd like to reserve a table at the restaurant.
At what time will you be dining?
I think 6 in the evening should be okay.
Please confirm that you want to reserve a table for 2 at Sabio On Main in Pleasanton at 6 pm, today.
That sounds perfect!
Your table has been reserved successfully.
Thank you for the help.
Anything else I can do for you?
No. Thank you. That's all for now.
Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to eat that serves Pizza.
What location do you want?
Find me a place in Occidental.
Search revealed 1 place. What about Negri's Original Occidental in Occidental.
That is perfedt.
Do you want to make a reservation?
Make a reservation for two people.
What time do you want?
I want it at one pm.
You want a reservation for 2 people today at 1 pm at Negri's Original Occidental in Occidental. Is that right?
Yes, that is right. Do you know of there is live music?
They do not have live music, but your reservation has been successfully made.
What is their physical address and do you know if they serve liquor?
They do not serve alcoholic beverages and they are loated at 3700 Bohemian Highway.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need anything more?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
I want to eat!
In which city?
In San Jose. And keep it reasonably priced.
What kind of food? You can say Indian, Italian, or something else.
To-go please.
I found 4 restaurants. 4th St Pizza Co is San Jose.
Could you recommend another place. I want a place that serves booze.
I found 3 restaurants. Mimi's cafe is nice and located in San Jose.
Yes, that works.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please.
What time is it for?
11 in the morning please.
Please confirm the reservation details: a reservation for 2 at Mimi's Cafe in San Jose for today at 11 am.
That is perfect!
Your reservation was successful.
Do they have a number and do they have live music?
Their number is 408-378-0778 and they don't have live music.
Thank you
May I assist you with something else?
No thanks.
Have a nice day.
Hi, i am hungry, I need to find a hotel
Sure, Which place should i search for?
please search in Petaluma
Ok, Which type of food are you looking for? Can you say Chinese, italian or any other languages?
I need some curry, that type of food will be perfect
I found a result in petaluma, Shree indian Cuisine is Good restaurant
Yes, that seems good for me, i want make a reservation at 11:15
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table at Shree indian Cuisine at petaluma on 11:15 am today, The reservation for 2 people
yes
Sorry, I Couldn't make reservation, Shall i try a reservation for 2 people on 11:30 am today at Shree Indian Cuisine restaurant
yes, Reserve for me
Congrats, your reservation is confirmed
Thank you very much for your help, that's all i need
You are welcome, have great day
I'm hungry, help me find some average priced grub
Where are you looking to eat?
Somewhere in San Leandro
Are you looking for any kind of cuisine? Chinese? Maybe American?
Actually I think I want some Persian food
There's a great Persian place in San Leandro called Moussaka Mediterranean Kitchen
Yes that works for me!
Would you like to reserve a seat?
Yes please do
What time do you plan on stopping by?
Lunch time, twelve in the afternoon
Making sure you need a table for 2 today at Moussaka Mediterranean Kitchen in San Leandro 12 pm right?
Make it for four people instead
Ok so a table for 4 at Moussaka Mediterranean Kitchen yes?
Yes that's good. Is there live music there? And where are they located?
Sorry I actually wasn't able to book that, can I do something else?
Try to book again, but just for one, and make it dinner time at 7:30 pm
OK I'll try to book for 1 today at 7:30 pm at the Moussaka Mediterranean Kitchen in San Leandro
Yes, please do
I was able to book it!
Great, that's it for now
Gotcha, take it easy!
I am looking for a place to eat in Fremont.
Do you have a preferred cuisine?
I love cantonese food.
How about B K's Bistro in Fremont?
Do you have something else?
How about Boiling hot pot in Fremont?
Does live music play there?
No, live music isn't available there.
That's okay. Book me a table there.
What time should I make the booking for?
Evening 6:45 works fine for me.
Cool, here are the details. Booking a table for 2 at boiling hot pot Fremont at 6:45 pm today.
Actually, change that to march 8th instead at 12:00
Making the reservation for next friday at 12 pm
cool. Do they serve liquor and whats their contact number?
Booking confirmed. Alcohol isn't served and their contact number is 510-226-1588
Thanks a ton.
Can I assist you with something else?
No, thanks again.
Have a great day ahead.
Hello, I am looking for a place to eat.
Where would you like to eat? Do you have any preference for the type of cuisine, such as Chinese or American?
I would prefer something located in San Jose and on the lines of Punjabi cuisine.
There is a nice restaurant called 8elements in San Jose.
May I have their contact number?
Sure, you can contact them at 408-270-2578.
Are their prices expensive?
Not really, they are moderate priced.
Could you suggest alternative restaurants?
Sure, there is a nice restaurant called Amber India located in San Jose too.
Any alternatives? I would prefer one which serves alcohol.
Yes, I have managed to find 3 restaurants, one of which is called Caspian Village which is located in San Jose.
That sounds great!
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, that will be great.
What time should I make the reservation for?
Could you make it at 11:15 please?
Sure, please confirm your reservation today for 2 people at 11:15 am at Caspian Village in San Jose.
That is fine, may I have their address? Do they play live music at their venue?
Your reservation has been made! They are located at 2881 The Villages Parkway, and unfortunately, they do not play live music.
No issues, thank you very much.
Do you require further assistance?
No, that's all the help I need.
Thank you very much and have a great day!
I want to eat somewhere in San Mateo, can you give me a recommendation?
What types of food are you interesting in eating?
Anywhere that serves fish would be perfect.
In San Mateo, I can recommend you he Andes Cafe San Mateo as a place to eat fish.
Can you recommend me another restaurant, that is preferably more afforadable?
How about Fuji Sukiyaki, also located in San Mateo?
That sounds great, can you make me a reservation for the 7th?
At what time should I make the reservation for?
Set the reservation at 12:45 pm.
You want to make a reservation for 2 at 12:45 pm for next Thursday at the Fuji Sukiyaki restaurant in San Mateo, was that all correct?
That's all correct, however can you tell me their address and contact number?
Their phone number is 650-348-7810, they are located at 428 East 3rd Avenue, and your reservation was successfully made.
That is all, thank you very much.
No problem, have a good day.
I would like to find a restaurant in Santa Rosa
Are you interested in any specific type of cuisine? Feel free to say Mexican, Italian, or other kinds of foods.
Barbecue would be excellent
There is a good restaurant fitting your tastes called Belly Left Coast Kitchen & Taproom in Santa Rosa
Can you tell me if they have alcohol and live music?
The restaurant does not have live entertainment nor do they have alcohol
Are there any additional restaurants that have alcohol available?
There are 4 restaurants meeting your criteria. There is Bruno's On Fourth in Santa Rosa
Are there any more places?
There is also Earth's Bounty Kitchen & Wine Bar in Santa Rosa
Great, that's perfect!
Should I reserve a table for you there?
Yes please, go ahead and book a table
What time would you like to book a table for?
I would like a 19:00 reservation
So to confirm, you want a reservation for 2 today at 7 pm at Earth's Bounty Kitchen & Wine Bar in Santa Rosa.
That is incorrect. I would like the table for Friday next week
Again, confirming a reservation for 2 for next Friday
That is not correct. I would like a reservation for 1 person on the 6th.
To be clear, you want a reservation for 1 for next Wednesday
Sure, that works perfectly!
Your table has been successfully reserved
Excellent. Thanks, that's it for me
Have a nice day.
I am feeling hungry so I need to find a place to eat and also for the place to be serving alcohol.
Do you have a specific city in mind where you would like for the place to be?
I will be walking around Healdsburg so I want for it to be there.
Can you tell me the type of food you would like for the place to have?
I like eating Ramen sometimes so that kind of food would be nice.
I see that 1 restaurant fits with what you want called The Taste of Tea. The restaurant can be found in Healdsburg.
Can you tell me the phone number which I can use to contact them?
If you want to phone them you can through 707-431-1995.
Can you tell me if they feature live music there? How much do the things cost in general there?
The price of the products they offer is moderate. Unfortunately I see that they do not have a live music.
Alright, that is nice for me.
Do you want to book a table at this restaurant?
Yes, I would like to eat there, so I want to make a reservation for afternoon 1:15.
Can you please confirm to me that you want to make a reservation for 2 people at The Taste Of Tea in Healdsburg? You want the reservation to be for today at 1:15 pm ?
That's not what I want. I forgot about a couple that will join us so the reservation should be for four people and on the 8th.
Can you confirm again to me that you want the booking of table at the restaurant to be for 4 people, and for next Friday.
It's wrong. I would like to eat there in evening 7:15.
Consider the following updated details and confirm to me that your reservation is for 7:15 pm, and it is for next Friday.
That suits me well.
Your booking has been made without errors.
I appreciate it very much. That would be all.
Have a good time!
I'm looking to find a restaurant in the area. I'm taking my wife out to celebrate our anniversary, and I want it to be a nice place, something pricey. Also she loves fish so if they serve Freshwater fish they would be perfect.
I can definitely help you with that. In which city would you like me to search?
In SFO.
I've found a restaurant you might like, it's called Akiko's Sushi Bar and it is located in San Francisco.
Eh, I've heard the food isn't too great there. How about something else?
Okay. How about Anchor & Hope, which is also located in San Francisco?
Hmm, what is their number?
Their telephone number is 415-501-9100.
Okay yeah, sounds good to me. Make me a reservation there please.
What time would you like to make the reservation for?
Make the reservation for 5 o"clock in the evening.
You would like to make a reservation for 2 at Anchor & hope in San Francisco at 5 pm today. Is that all correct?
Yes, that is all correct. Can you also tell me if they serve liquor or have live music?
Your reservation has successfully been made. As well, i'm unfortunate to inform you that they do not serve alcohol or have live music.
Okay, thank you very much for your assistance.
You're very welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all.
Okay. Have a nice day.
Find me a place to east in Santa Clara.
Do you have a food preference such as Indian, Chinese, or something else?
I am in the mood for Ramen food.
Amakai Japanese Cuisine serves ramen food and is in Santa Clara.
Is liquor served there?
They don't serve any kind of alcohol.
Do they have live music and what is their phone number?
They do not showcase live music and their phone number is 408-988-2555.
That will work.
Do you want make a reservation there?
Yes, make a reservation.
What time do you want?
I want a reservation for 2 people at 2 in the afternoon.
You want a reservation for 2 people today at 2 pm at Amakai Japanese Cuisine in Santa Clara. Is that right?
Yes, that is correct.
I can't make a reservation. Do you need something else?
Try to make a reservation for a quarter past 6 in the evening.
You want a reservation for 2 people today at 6:15 pm at Amakai Japanese Cuisine in Santa Clara. Is that right?
It is for 1 person.
You want a reservation for 1 today. Is that right?
Yes, that is correct. How expensive is this place?
Your booking is confirmed and they have moderate prices.
Thanks a lot. That is all.
Have a great day.
I am searching for a place to eat at San Fran.
What is your preferred food?
I prefer Peruvian type of food.
I searched and found 5 restaurants. Destino is a great restaurant at San Francisco.
Yes. It is good for me. Please make a reservation on 8th of March.
Which is your preferred time?
Book it at 12:15.
Kindly ensure that, on next Friday at 12:15 pm, the reservation is done at Destino in San Francisco. It is for 2 persons.
Nope. Book it at quarter to 8 in the evening.
Kindly ensure that, reservation at Destino on 7:45 pm.
Yes. It is good for me.
Your booking has been successfully made.
Thank you. That is what I want.
Have a wonderful day.
I'm trying to find a restaurant.
What kind of food?
I would like Izakaya cuisine.
In what city please?
I'm looking for a place in Pacifica.
How about 8 Sushi in Pacifica?
Where are they located and what is the price range?
Their address is 2470 Skyline Boulevard and they are in the moderate price range.
What else do you have?
Also in Pacifica, I have Ocean Fish Sushi & Grill.
That sounds good. Please make me a reservation on the 13th.
For what time?
I would like it at 1 o"clock in the afternoon.
Confirming the following, reservation in Pacifica at 1 PM on March 13th for 2 people at Ocean Fish Sushi & Grill.
Sounds good. What's the phone number and do they have live music?
I'm sorry, they don't have live music. The phone number is 650-355-1886. The reservation is confirmed.
Thank you, I'm all set.
You're welcome, goodbye.
I need to find a place to dine.
What type of food do you want?
I enjoy Szcheuan food.
What city would you like to dine in.
I would like to dine in Sausalito at a place that serves alcohol
I found 1 restaurant in Sausalito name Tommy's Wok Chinese Cuisine.
What is the location and price range?
It is located at 3001 Bridgeway H and the price range is moderate.
Yes, that sounds good.
Do you want me to make a reservation.
Yes I would like a reservation for this Saturday.
What time would you like for the reservation?
I would like to make it at 4:45 pm and it is for 3 people.
You want a reservation for 3 at 4:45 pm tomorrow at Tommy's Wok Chinese Cuisine in Sausalito. Can you confirm?
Actually lets make it at 7:15 in the evening on the 7th.
You want the reservation for next Thursday at 7:15 pm. Please confirm?
I need the reservation for 2 people
So you want the reservation for 2 at 7:15 pm. Can you confirm?
Correct, that is what i need.
I was not able to make the reservation. May I help you with anything else.
No thank you.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Hello! I am looking for a place to have a nice meal.
Which city would you like to eat at?
I would prefer eating in Newark.
Do you have any food preferences, such as Chinese or Italian?
I would prefer some Filipino food which is affordable and not too expensive.
There is a nice restaurant called Isla Filipino Restaurant located in Newark.
May I have their contact number?
Sure, you can contact them at 510-445-1602.
That sounds great! Could you help me make a reservation there?
At what time would you like the reservation to be made?
You can set the reservation at 17:30.
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 2 at Isla Filipino Restaurant in Newark at 5:30 pm today.
Sure, that sounds great!
Your reservation has been made.
Do they serve liquor there?
No, they do not serve alcohol there.
May I have their address please? Do they play live music there?
They are located at 5720 Mowry School Road. Unfortunately, they do not have live music there.
That sounds great! Thank you.
Can I further assist you with anything else?
No, thank you very much!
Sure, have a great day ahead!
I need a restaurant reservation.
Any specific city?
It has to be in San Fran.
For what time?
It'll be afternoon 12.
Any particular restaurant preferences?
I'd like Palmer's.
Just to make sure, you want a reservation for 2 at Palmer's Tavern in San Francisco for today at 12 pm.
Perfect. What's their cuisine type and number?
Your American cuisine reservation is all set. You can reach them at 415-732-7777.
Thanks, a lot. That'll do it, for now.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
On March 2nd we are going to celebrate my wedding anniversary. So please check for a reservation at a restaurant.
That sounds great. Are you particular with any restaurant and what time you are looking for?
Yes, I prefer jannah restaurant at 4:30 pm
Any city preferred?
It must be in SFO
Ok, please verify, Tomorrow at 4:30 pm reservation for 2 people at Jannah in San Francisco
Sorry, Please change it the 8th at 11:30
Its alright, now please confirm, reservation on the next Friday at 11:30 am
Great, thank you
Fine, your reservation is done.
Thank you very much.
Have a wonderful day sir.
id like to make a reservation for friday next week.
do you have a restaurant in mind?
yes, its called marnee in San Francisco.
what time would you like the reservation?
id like it for 19:00.
okay, just to confirm. im reserving a table for you at Marnee thai in san francisco at 7 pm next friday for 2 people.
yes thats right, do they have live music? how expensive it the menu?
your reservation was made, they have a moderate price range and they do not have life music.
thank you that's all for now.
have a nice day.
I would like to make a reservation at the restaurant Eric's.
Which city is that located in?
It's in the SF area.
What time would you like the reservation for?
I was thinking 17:45, for two guests.
Sounds great. Can you please confirm the reservation for 2 people today at Eric's Restaurant in San Francisco at 5:45 pm?
Yes that is perfect.
Unfortunately, I am unable to make the reservation at your scheduled time. Eric's Restaurant is a great place though, should I try a reservation for 2 today at 6 pm?
Absolutely, thank you.
I was able to reserve your table at Eric's.
Thank you very much for your efforts.
Would I be able to help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you very much.
Have a great day.
I want to make a reservation at a restaurant.
Do you have a preferred restaurant? What time do you want it reserved?
I want a reservation at Mcdonald's at 4:45 pm.
Which city should I search in?
I want it in SF.
Just to confirm, you want to make a reservation at Mcdonald's today for 2 people at 4:45 pm in San Francisco.
Yes, that's works for me.
Your reservation is a success.
Thanks you very much much. That's all I need.
Have a good day.
Hey! I would like to have dining today in the restaurant Clementine's. Please can you reserve me a table?
Okay! In which city you would prefer to reserve?
Please can you make it in San Ramon.
Sure! When will you be available for your dining?
I would be available at 16:45.
Okay! Here are the details. For 2 persons, a table is booked for dining at the hotel Clementine's in San Ramon at 4:45 pm today. Please can you confirm me.
Nope, Please can you reserve at Sunnyvale.
Sure! No Problem! I've booked a table for you at the restaurant Clementine's in Sunnyvale. Please can you confirm me.
Yup! perfect!
Sorry, the system crashed and I couldn't do your booking. Anything else, you want me to help you?
Please can you try the booking again for 1:15 in the afternoon.
Sure! I've booked again a table for 2 people at the restaurant Clementine's in Sunnyvale at 1:15 pm for today. Please can you confirm the details.
Yup! that would work.
Oh! Pardon me! Again the system crashed. Sorry that I couldn't make your reservation. Do you need any other help?
Nope, thanks much.
Have a wonderful day.
I'm taking a client out to dinner and I want to make a dinner reservation.
Sure! What city are you in? Do you have a preferred place and time?
I want a reservation for Hisui in Vacaville at, say, quarter to 8 in the evening.
All right. Let me confirm the details with you. You would like a reservation for 2 at Hisui | Japanese Restaurant in Vacaville at 7:45 pm today.
Yes, that's what I want.
Ok! I've made your reservation.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks.
You're welcome. Have a good day!
I want to book a reservation at a restaurant.
Okay, which city are you looking in?
Look in San Fran.
Okay, any restaurant in particular? And what time do you want to go?
Book a table for four at Kusakabe for later today. Make the reservation for evening 6:45.
Please confirm that I'm booking a table for 4 at Kusakabe in San Francisco at 6:45 pm today.
Actually change it to March 5th in El Cerrito.
Okay, please confirm that I'm booking in El Cerrito for next Tuesday.
No, I want you to book at Yoshio and make it for three people instead.
Got it. Please confirm that I'm booking a table for 3 at Yoshio Sushi.
Yes, that sounds right. What's their number, and do they serve alcohol?
Sorry, that reservation time and date didn't work. Should I try again?
Yes, try to make it for 18:30.
Okay, please confirm that you'd like a table for 3 at Yoshio Sushi in El Cerrito for next Tuesday at 6:30 pm.
Yup, that's right.
Your reservation is made.
Thanks, that's all.
Have a great day.
It's my friend's birthday and I want to take them to Aquitaine in SF, can you book me a reservation?
What time would you like the reservation to be?
Book the reservation for 12 o"clock in the afternoon
Is this correct? I will be booking a reservation for 2 people at Aquitaine Wine Bar & Bistro for 12 pm today. It is in the city of San Francisco.
That's incorrect, I was it to be on the 14th of this month.
Please tell me if this is correct. The reservation is on March 14th at 12 pm
Yes that works great
Your reservation has been booked
Will there be live music? What is their phone number?
There is no live music and you can contact them at 415-402-5290
Thank you!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all, thank you.
Have a wonderful day
I want to get a reservation in Berkeley.
is there a specific resturant you are looking for. what time is good for you?
6:15 in the evening at Bistro liaison.
please confirm, a table for 2 at Bistro liaison in Berkeley for today 6:15 pm
yeah. what do they serve?
sorry I could not make a reservation at that time. They are a French Restuarant. Shall I try to book a reservation for 2 today at 6 pm at Bistro Liaison?
yes that's fine
you're reservation is booked
thanks
is there anything else I can do for you?
no. I'm good.
have nice day.
I want to reserve a table at a restaurant.
In which city and at what time would you like to dine? Do you have any preferred restaurants?
I'd prefer the Lark restaurant in San Fran at five in the evening.
Okay. Shall I go ahead and reserve a table for 2 at the Lark restaurant in San Francisco at 5 pm today?
That sounds great. Can I know their address? Do they serve Spicy Indian food?
Sorry, the reservation was not successful. They serve Mediterranean cuisine and their address is 4068 18th Street. Should I try to book a table for 2 at Lark, at 5:30 pm, today?
Yes, let's try that.
The reservation was successful. Please plan to arrive at the Lark by 5:30 pm.
Thank you very much. That is all I need for now.
Have a great day!
I want to book the Taste of Burma restaurant for 2 persons. Can you help me?
When and where should I search for?
I need to book it at quarter past 7 in the evening in Daly City.
Please confirm to book a table in Hotel Taste of Burma located in Daly City at 7:15 pm today for 2 people.
Yes, that is correct. Please make it.
Sorry, I could not make it at that time, shall I search for the same reservation at 7:30 pm for 2 persons in Taste of Burma today?
Yes, please check.
Your reservation was confirmed.
Thanks, that's all.
Have a great day.
Can you help me make a reservation at 1:15 pm in Concord?
Any preferred restaurant?
Agave Grill please, for March 10th
So you want a reservation for 2 people at Agave Grill & Cantina in Concord at 1:15 pm on March 10th right?
Yes that's fine
I have made he reservation
Thanks for your help
Anything else I can help with?
No that's all for now
Have a good day
Can you reserve a table for me?
When and what city? Do you know a particular restraunt you want?
I want SF. I want to eat at Crazy Pepper. Schedule fo night 8.
Ok, I think I have it: Crazy pepper in San Francisco at 8 pm today. You have 2 people?
No. I have 3 people.
Ok. San Francisco, 3 people?
Got it. That's what I want.
I apologize. It's so busy they don't have a table.
Ok, well try Taste of the Himalayas.
Ok, lets see: 3 People dining at Taste of the Himalayas in San Francisco 8 pm today.
Yes, correct. Can you tell if they have Taiwanese food?
I am so sorry. That date doesn't work. Any other options for you?
No, that's quite enough.
Sorry, thanks so much.
I'd like to book a spot at a diner.
What metropolis do you want me to look in, and what time is the booking for?
I'd like to have it in Hayward at evening 5.
Is there a diner you prefer?
The diner is called Paya.
Please verify the following information: reserve a table a Paya Thai in Hayward at 5 pm today for 2 people.
Nope, I'd like to have it in Cotati, and the diner is China Chef.
Please verify the following information: reserve a table at China Chef in Cotati.
Yeah, that's perfect for me.
Your booking is complete.
Thank you for your assistance.
Could I assist you with something else?
No, thank you for your assistance.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
I would like to make reservations for 2 at Pescatore.
What tinme would you like the reservation for?
A quarter to 1 in the afternoon, please.
What city shall I make this reservation?
I would like the reservation in SFO.
Ok let me confirm this with you. I have a reservation for 2 at Pescatore, today, in San Francisco at 12:45 pm. Is that correct?
Yes, that is correct.
I was unable to make the reservation for that time. Should I try again at Pescatore for today at 12:30 pm for 2 people?
Yes, that will be fine.
Your reservation was successful.
Do they have live music and could you provide me with their contact number?
No live music and the number is 415-561-1111.
Thank you so much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all. Thank you.
My pleasure. Have a great day.
Please make me a reservation on 9th of this month, at seven pm
Any city in particular, and restaurant?
Yes, the State Bird in SFO
Please confirm the following booking: reservation at 7 pm on March 9th for 2 at State Bird Provisions San Francisco
Yes that fine
The reservation is done
Thats all i want, thanks
Have a great day!
I want to make a reservation at a restaurant on 10th of march in san fran.
do you have a preferred restaurant? what time for?
The restaurant is thanh long at 1:15 in the afternoon.
Please confirm the following: booking a table at thanh long restaurant in san francisco, the reservation at 1:15 pm on march 10th, the reservation is for 2 people.
yes, that works for me
sorry i was unable to make reservation . thanh long restaurant is a nice restaurant shall i try reservation for 2 people on march 10th at 1:30 pm?
yes that works for me.
your reservation is successful.
thanks a lot
have a nice day. cheers
Can you find me a restaurant so that I can make a reservation?
Which place should I look? Do you have any restaurant in mind and may I know the time?
The place is Cupertino. Make a reservation at Yayoi and the time is quarter to 8 in the evening.
Please confirm this: Booking a table at Yayoi Cupertino. The city is Cupertino. The reservation is at 7:45 pm. The date is today. the reservation is for 2 people.
Yes that's correct. Do they serve liquor?
Sorry, the reservation failed. May I help you with anything else?
Please try booking again in The Mexican restaurant at 18:45
Please confirm this: Booking a table at The Mexican Restaurant & Bar. the city is Cupertino. the reservation is at 6:45 pm. the date is today. the reservation is for 2 people.
Can you change the city to Hayward?
Please confirm this: The city is Hayward. The reservation is at 6:45 pm.
Yes perfect.
The booking is made successfully
Thanks a lot
Have a nice day
My Anniversary is coming up. Can you find me a restaurant has reservations available on the 10th of this month?
What City would you like the restaurant to be in? What time would you like to make your reservation for? Do you know what restaurant you would like to eat at?
We would like to make reservations for two at 18:00, at the Pub Republic in Petaluma.
Just to confirm, We will be making a reservation for 2 at 6 pm on March 10th at the Pub Republic in Petaluma?
Yes, thank you, Can you give me the address to the restaurant? I was wondering what kind of prices do they have?
You reservation is all set. The street address to the restaurant is 3120 Lakeville Highway. The prices are moderate at this restaurant.
Thank you so very much.
Is there anything I can help you with?
No. Thank you very much.
Have a good day.
I would like to make a restaurant reservation.
In which city would you like to reserve a restaurant? Also, do you have any special preferences?
I would like to search in Alameda. The restaurant's name is Angel Fish. Please reserve it for twelve pm.
Please confirm the following: Reserving a table for 2 at Angel Fish in Alameda for today at 12 pm.
Yes, perfect!
The reservation has been made.
May I know their address?
Their address is 883 Island Drive C-2.
Does the restaurant play live music? And does it serve Burger types of food?
The restaurant serves japanese food, and they do not have live music.
Thank you, that it all.
Have a great day!
I need a restaurant reservation.
Do you have a specific restaurant you want to go to?
Yes, it's called Juerga.
Where is it located? What time would you like your reservation?
It's in San Jose. Make the reservation for 10:45 in the morning.
Alright, please confirm the following: A table for 2 today at 10:45 am at Juerga Tapas & Wine in San Jose.
Actually, I want to go to Lotus Cuisine in San Rafael.
Alright, please confirm these details: You want a reservation for Lotus Cuisine of India in San Rafael?
Yes, that's it.
I'm sorry, I was unable to reserve that. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's it.
Enjoy your day.
Hi, I'm interested in making a restaurant reservation.
Sure, what time would you like this reservation for?
Please reserve it for 7 in the evening.
Is there a particular restaurant you would like?
Yes, I'm interested in a restaurant called Maruya and this will be for three people.
Please state the city you're interested in.
I'm looking in SFO in particular and I have open availability for the date.
Can you please confirm the details for your reservation: A reservation for 3 people at the Maruya restaurant in San Francisco is booked for March 13th at 7 pm.
No, that's not correct it's for four people.
Please confirm the change in details: The reservation is for 4 people at the Maruya.
No, please reschedule for 2nd of March.
Sure, please confirm the updated details: The reservation is set for tomorrow at 7 pm.
Perfect, all set.
Sorry for the inconvenience, but I was unable to make the reservation. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I want a reservation for twelve pm at a restaurant.
Can you please confirm the books details: A reservations for tomorrow is set for 4 people at 12 pm at the Maruya restaurant in San Francisco.
Correct, thanks.
Great, your reservation is set.
Perfect, that's all for now.
Have a wonderful day.
Listen up, my friend. My co-worker and I want to celebrate the end of this tough project. Please use your magic to help me make a reservation for two at a nice restaurant.
Certainly. What is the city you are looking for?
Let's go for Fairfield, please?
Do you have a particular restaurant in mind, and what time do you want for the reservation?
Let's do Mcdonald's at six in the evening on any day coming up.
I can reserve a table for 2 at McDonald's in Fairfield. The time would be today at 6 pm. If that's good for you, shall I confirm it?
Yes, that's great to set up. But, tell me, is this going to be kind of over-priced? And, what is the phone number there?
Their prices are considered on the low end, so it's inexpensive. Your reservation is now confirmed. The phone number is 707-864-1001.
Nice. Your assistance is highly appreciated.
Do you need any other assistance at this time?
I think not. Thanks for your diligence.
My pleasure. Enjoy your day.
I would like to make a restaurant reservation.
Do you have a preferred restaurant and time
I like the restaurant Kampai Bar. I would like the reservation on the 13th of this month at 6:30 in the evening.
Do you have a preferred location?
San Jose is my preferred location.
Can you confirm the following details. One table at Kampai Bar And Grill in San Jose at 6:30 pm on March 13th for 2 people
That is correct. Can you give me the restaurant address? Also, do they have live music.
I have made the reservation. The restaurant address is 519 West Capitol Expressway and they do not have live music.
Thanks for the assistance.
Do you need assistance with anything else?
No thank you.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I wish to make a reservation at a restaurant in Pleasant Hill.
Is there a specific restaurant that you wish to make the reservation at?
I want the restaurant to be Kobe for Saturday this week at afternoon 1:30.
You wish to book a reservation at Kobe Japan Restaurant in Pleasant Hill for 2 people tomorrow at 1:30 pm?
That is not correct. I want the reservation to be at Homestead in Oakland.
You wish to book a table at Homestead in Oakland correct?
That is correct. Can you tell me what the address is and if they serve Burger dishes?
You reservation has been confirmed. The street address for Homestead if 4029 Piedmont Avenue and they serve Coffeehouse style dishes.
Thank you for providing me with that information. That's all the help I need.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Please make me a reservation at the Bear Republic restaurant
Which city should I choose and what time do you want the reservation for?
In Rohnert Park for 19:00 hours
Okay, to confirm you would like a table at the Bear Republic Brewing Co. in Rohnert Park for 2 at 7 pm today
Yes that's right
Your reservation has been made
Thank you!
You're welcome, have a great day!
Hello, Good morning!!! I wish to go out for dinner today. Can you make a dinner reservation at a good restaurant?
At what time you wish to make the reservation?
Probably by 6:30 pm.
Do you have any preference for specific category restaurant like Thai, Chinese, American, Italian etc?
Yup! I would prefer a Mexican restaurant, the Crab House.
In which location you are looking for?
I would prefer SF.
Okay! Give me a moment... I will book the reservation for you... Here you go!! So, you wish to have your dinner at Crab House At Pier 39 in San Francisco at 6:30 pm, today combined together for 2 people. Is that right?
Nope, sorry please can you make it on the 13th in Sunnyvale?
Sure! Please confirm me the details that you wish to have your dinner at Sunnyvale on March 13th.
Yup! sounds good.
uh-ch! Sorry the system crashed and I couldn't make your reservation. Do you need any other details?
Nope, thanks a lot.
Have a wonderful day.
Make me a reservation at a restaurant please
What city do you want and at what time? Do you have any particular preference for the restaurant?
Yes I would like to be in Oakland at restaurant Sukho on the 8th at 17:00
Book a table at Sukho Thai in Oakland at 5 pm on next Friday for 2 people.Is OK?
Yes perfect.Liquor they serve?
Reservation was successful,alcohol is not served.
Thank you for your help.
Can I still help you now?
No.Thanks.
Have a great day!
I would like to make a 4:45 pm restuarant reservation.
Do you have a preferrred restaurant in a particular city?
Yes, please look for the Burma Ruby restaurant in Palo Alto.
I have a table for 2 people today at 4:45 pm at the Burma Ruby Burmese Cuisine in Palo Alto.
That is correct. What is the restaurant's adddress and what is the price range?
This restaurant is considered to moderate in price. Your reservation has been confirmed and it is located at 326 University Avenue.
Thank you for your assistance.
Do you need any further help?
Not at this time.
Have a great day!
I want to reserve a table at 7:45 in the evening, in a restaurant.
In which city are you planning to dine and do you have a preferred restaurant?
I need a table for one at the El Rancho restaurant in Concord.
Shall I book a table for 1 at the El Rancho Restaurant in Concord at 7:45 pm today?
Yes, please. Can I have their contact number?
Your table has been booked successfully. Their phone number is 925-685-5582.
Do they have live music?
Yes, they do have live music.
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. Thank you. That's all I need for now.
Have a great day!
Make a reservation in Dynasty restaurant for two people.
Would you prefer a certain city?
In San Jose on 12th of March at quarter past 7 in the evening.
Ok. Please confirm. Booking a table in San Jose Dynasty restaurant for 2 people on March 12th at 7:15 pm.
Yeah exactly.
Sorry unable to reserve. Shall i book a table in Dynasty restaurant for 2 people on March 12th at 7:30 pm?
No, that doesn't work for me
Can i help you with anything else?
No. Thank you very much
Have a nice day.
i want to booking a restaurant for 2 people
which city should i search in? what time is the reservation for? do you have a preferred restaurant
i want san jose in village at 11:30 in the morning
are you sure. do you want booking a table at village california bistro and wine bar in san jose on today at 11:30 am for 2 people
no. it is for three people
your reservation is done. i booking a table at village california bistro and wine bar for 3 people
yes that works for me. how pricey are they, do they serve liquor
they serve alcohol and price range is moderate
thanks you very much
can i help you with anything else
no. thank you for your help
have a great day
Can I make a restaurant reservation? I want it on March 12th.
What time is it for? Do you have a preferred restaurant?
The restaurant is Tao San Jin. Please make it for 2 o"clock in the afternoon.
What area would you like to search in?
I want it in Antioch.
Please confirm the details: A table at Tao San Jin for 2 people. The city is in Antioch for a reservation at 2 pm on March 12th.
Yes that works for me. What is the address?
Sorry I was unable to make the reservation. Anything else I can help with?
I want to try again. The restaurant is Khana Peena.
Please confirm the details: A table at Khana Peena for 2 people. The city is in Antioch for a reservation at 2 pm on March 12th.
No. Can I change it to the 9th of March in Berkeley.
Please confirm the details: The city is in Berkeley with a date of March 9th.
No. Make it at 12 in the afternoon.
Please confirm the new details: Booking a table at Khana Peena for a reservation at 12 pm.
Yes that works for me.
The reservation is made!
Thank you!
Can I help with anything else?
No, that is all thank you.
Have a great day!
I'd like to make a restaurant reservation at quarter to 7 in the evening.
Is thee a city or restaurant you prefer?
I want to go to Sushi Omakase in Gilroy.
So you would like to book a table at Sushi Omakase in Gilroy. The booking is for 2 people and 6:45 pm today.
Sounds right. What kind of food do they have there?
I was not able to make the reservation but they serve Japanese food. Sushi Omakase is a good restaurant. DO you want to try the reservation for 2 today at 6:30 pm?
No, not right now.
Have a good one.
I'd like to book a spot at a diner. I'd like to have it on the 8th of this month for 1 person.
What metropolis do you want me to look in, and when do you want the booking?
I'd like to have it in Milpitas at 1:30 in the afternoon.
Is there a diner you prefer?
The diner is Darda.
Please verify the following information: A reservation at Darda Seafood in Milpitas at next Friday 1:30 pm for 1 person.
Yeah, that's perfect for me. Do they offer alcohol and Spicy Indian food?
Your booking is complete. They don't offer liquor, but they do offer Halal food.
Thank you for your assistance; that's all.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
I won't have time to make dinner after my big meeting so I would like to make a dinner reservation.
I can help you with that, let's gather some specifics first. Do you have a particular restaurant in mind, if not what area would you like me to look in, and what time do you need the reservation set for?
Can you make the reservation for 1 at Katsu, located in Los Gatos, for six in the evening, on the 12th of this month?
I can do that but before I do lets just confirm the information I have. You would like a reservation for 1, at Katsu Los Gatos, located in Los Gatos, on March 12th, at 6 pm. Would you like me to make the reservation with this information?
Yes, that sound great. I can't wait.
I was able to successfully confirm those reservations for you and you should be all set with them.
Thanks, that's one less thing I have to do.
Was there anything else you would like me to do or look into for you?
No, that will be all and thank you again.
No problem, have a good day.
I want to make a reservation for this evening 7.
At which restaurant would you like to make this reservation?
Make it at Mister Jiu's in SFO. Also, it should be noted the reservation is only for 1 person.
Please confirm the following: Book a table for 1 person at Mister Jiu's in San Francisco at 7 pm today.
Yes, I don't necessarily need a whole table but I think they will understand.
I'm sorry to say that I was unable to make a reservation at Mister Jiu's for 1 person at that time. Shall I make the reservation for today at 6:30 pm instead?
Yeah, I guess that will work.
Your reservation has been successfully made, enjoy your meal.
I will. Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
I'd like to make a booking at a restaurant.
Sure, where are you eating? Is there a preferred restaurant? And what time shall we book for?
I want to book a table at Khana Peena in Berkeley at afternoon 1:30.
Okay, please confirm that you'd like to make a booking for 2 people today at Khana Peena in Berkeley at 1:30 pm.
Yeah that's perfect. Where is the restaurant? What type of food do they serve?
Your reservation is complete. They serve Indian food and you can find them at 1889 Solano Avenue.
Thanks a lot, that'll be all.
Okay, have a nice day.
I want booking at a restaurant on the 7th in SF
Are you thinking on any of your liking restaurant and what is the time required for booking?
I am interested in Oneup at quarter to 5 in the evening
Please give confirmation details: Booking a table at Oneup at 4:45 pm in the city of San Francisco next Thursday and the reservation will be for 2 people
No the restaurant should be Bombay to Goa at 17:30
Please give confirmation details: Booking a table at Bombay to Goa at 5:30 pm
That is perfect. Do they provide liquor and live music?
Sorry your reservation could not be done.Can i help you in any other thing?
Please try reserving again on the 7th
Please give confirmation details: Booking a table at Bombay to Goa at 5:30 pm in the city of San Francisco on next Thursday for 2 people
This is good for me
Sorry your booking could not be done.Can i help you in any other thing?
No thank you
Have a great day
Can you help me make a reservation for a restaurant for a date?
What restaurant did you want to go to?
I'm looking for Anchor & Hope.
What city and what time will this reservation be for?
I want to make it for two people at one in the afternoon in San Francisco.
Please confirm: reservation today for 2 people at 1 pm at Anchor & Hope in San Francisco.
That works for me.
Your reservation has been made.
Thank you!
Can I do anything else for you?
No, thanks a lot.
Have a good day.
I'd like to make reservations at a restaurant.
Which city should I search in?
In San Rafael for the 5th of this month.
What time would you like the reservation?
At 1 pm please.
Is there a restaurant you prefer?
A restaurant called Rangecafe.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a reservation for 2 people at Rangecafe Bar and Grill in San Rafael, next Tuesday at 1 pm.
Yes, that works for me.
Your reservation has been made.
Do they serve liquor or have live music?
They do serve alcohol but there is no live music.
Thank you very much.
Can I help you with anything else?
No. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
I would like to make a restaurant reservation in San Jose.
Is there a specific restuarant?
The restaurant is Spencer's.
What time would you like your reservation.
Please make it on the 3rd of MArch at quarter past 1 in the afternoon.
I have a table for 2 at Spencer's for Steaks and Chops in san Jose the day after tomorrow at 1:15 pm.
Yes. Are they considered intermediate priced?
They are expensive. Your reservation has been conifrmed.
Thank you for your assitance.
Is there anything else today?
No, thank you for your help.
Have a great day.
I want to make a reservation at restaurant Hisui 2.
At what time you want to be the reservation?
I would like to be at 8 o"clock in the night.
In what city should I search?
In Vacaville I want to be
In city Vacaville for 2 people today at 8 pm at restaurant Hisui 2 is that correct?
No.Red Jade is the restaurant.
Confirm me please :Booking today a table at Red Jade.
Yes is good .Tell me please their address
Soory,reservation has failed.Can I still help you?
Try please make the booking again at 7:45 in the evening
Reservation for 2 people today at 7:45 pm in city Vacaville at Red Jade is that correct?
Yes is perfect.You can tell me please what type of food is available and if they have live music?
Sorry the reservation was failed.Can I help you with something else?
No,it s ok.Thnak you!
Have a nice day!
I would like to make a reservation to a restaurant for 5 pm.
Is there a preferred restaurant you are looking to make reservations at and what city will this be in?
Yes, the restaurant is called Sociale and it will be for the one located in San Fran.
Could you please confirm the following details? Reservation for 2 guests today at 5 pm at Sociale in San Francisco.
Yes, that sounds great. Could I also have their contact number, please?
I was unable to make the reservation for 2 guests today at 5 pm. Would you like me to try 5:30 pm? The contact number for Sociale is 415-921-3200.
No, not at this time.
Is there anything else I can help you with.
No, Thank you for your help.
My pleasure. Have a great day.
I'm going out tonight and need to make a restaurant reservation.
What time would you prefer? And which city?
Make the reservation in SF at 11:30 in the morning.
Do you have any restaurant in mind?
It is called Will. I only need a reservation for one.
I'm making a reservation for 1 at Will Sushi in San Francisco. It is at 11:30 am today.
Actually change it to eleven in the morning.
I am booking the reservation for 11 am today.
No, I'd like it next Monday.
I am making a reservation for 1 person for next Monday.
Yes that's fine.
I'm sorry, the reservation could not be booked. Will Sushi is a nice establishment. Should I try to make another reservation for 1 on next Monday at 11:30 am instead?
Yes that's ok.
I have booked your reservation.
Can you check it they have live music?
It looks like they do not.
How expensive is the restaurant? And can you find their phone number?
Will's has moderate prices and their phone number is 415-566-8088.
Thanks, that will be all.
Have a nice day!
I need help with making a restaurant reservation.
What restaurant would you like to make a reservation for? And what time is it for?
It's a restaurant called Yum Yum, and it's for six pm.
What city is the restaurant located in?
It's in San Fran.
You would like a reservation at Yum Yum Hunan in San Francisco for 2 people at 6 pm today. Is that correct?
Yeah, that's correct. Are the prices costly there?
The prices are inexpensive. I've made the reservation.
Thanks a lot, I won't be needing any more help.
Okay, take care now.
I want to make reservations at Stella Alpina Osteria
When would you like to reserve your reservation
I would like my reservation for the 12th at half past 7 in the evening
In which city do I need to make the reservation
I want to dine at Stella in Burlingame
A table is being booked at Stella Alpina Osteria is Burlingame on March 12th at 7:30 pm for 2 people
Yes thanks so much
I have successfully made the reservation
Can I please get the address and is it average priced
The restaurant is expensive and their address is 401 Primrose Road
Thanks for all of that. That is it for me
Have a great day
Please help me to make a reservation at a place to eat.
I'll need more details to assist you. Which city would you like me to search, and for what time will you be making the reservation? Is there a preferred restaurant or type of food you prefer?
We want to eat at the Claw Shack in San Jose. Please make the reservation for 11:30 am.
Please confirm that you would like to book a 11:30 am reservation for today at the Claw Shack in San Jose for a party of 2.
I'd prefer to eat at the 3rd Cousin, and the reservation will need to be for four people.
Please confirm you'd like me to book a table for 4 people at the 3rd Cousin.
Yes, that would be very helpful.
Sorry, but there are no reservations for that time. May I help you with something else?
No, but thank you.
It was my pleasure to assist you. Have a good one.
I hear Hunan Impression has great food. I'd like to make a reservation for it.
At what time and what city do you want to make the reservation?
I'd like my reservation to be in San Jose, and at morning 11.
So you want to book a table for 2 at Hunan Impression in San Jose? And the time will be 11 am today?
Actually, I need some more time to prepare. I instead want it in SFO on the 14th of this month.
I see. So you'd rather book it in San Francisco on March 14th?
Yes, that is correct.
Unfortunately, I could not make the reservation. How else can I help?
Let me attempt to book Hunan Impression again. Let's instead for with the 5th of this month, at evening 5:30.
So, you will instead book a table for 2 at Hunan Impression in San Francisco, at 5:30 pm next Tuesday?
Indeed, that all sounds good.
I'm so sorry! I couldn't reserve that table either. Can I continue to try to help?
I'll give up on booking a table for now. Thanks for the help, though.
Enjoy your day.
I want to make a restaurant reservation please.
What time would you like it for?
I'm thinking 5:15 pm.
What city should I look in?
I would like it in Danville.
Do you have a favorite restaurant?
I like Luna Loca and I would like it for the 6th of this month.
Please confirm the details: Booking a table at Luna Loca Mexican Restaurant in Danville. The reservation is for 2 people at 5:15 pm next wednesday.
Yes that is perfect. How expensive is the restaurant?
Your reservation is successful their price range is moderate.
Thank you so much.
Can I help with anything else?
No. Thank you.
Have a great day!
Hi, I'd like to go out and eat with some friends. Can you book a restaurant reservation for 6:30 pm?
Sure, what city should I look in? Is there a particular restaurant you prefer?
I'd like to go to Golden Harvest in St. Helena.
So you'd like a reservation for 2 people at Golden Harvest in St. Helena today. You will be seated at 6:30 pm. Is that correct?
Yes, that's perfect.
Your table has been booked!
Thanks for everything, that will be all.
Have a pleasant evening.
I want to reserve a table at Cafe Vitale at 19:00.
In which city is Cafe Vitale located?
It's in Los Altos.
Ok. So you would like to reserve a table for 2 at Cafe Vitale in Los Altos at 7 pm, today. Is that correct?
Yes, that sounds perfect.
Your table at Cafe Vitale has been successfully booked.
Thank you for the assistance.
Is there anything else you would like me to help with?
No. Thank you. That'll be all.
Have a great day!
I need to reserve a table.
For what time?
The evening 6:45.
What restaurant you got in mind?
I could go for some Taco Bell.
Which Taco Bell?
Try the one in Pleasanton.
Table for 2 6:45 pm today at the Taco Bell in Pleasanton. Do I have that right.
You got it. Hey, do they have Noodles? What's the price range?
Can't get a rez. Taco Bell has Burrito type of food. It's inexpensive. Should I give them a shot for 6:30 pm today, table for 2.
No, don't bother. I'm set.
No problem. See you around.
Hi, I would like to make a restaurant reservation for 3 people.
OK, do you have a preferred restaurant? What time and city are you interested in?
Please make a reservation at six pm in San Fran, at La Laguna.
Please confirm: I'm booking a table for 3 people, today at 6 pm, at La Laguna in San Francisco.
Yes, that works for me.
Your reservation has been made.
Thanks very much. That's all I needed!
Have a great day!
I would like to make a reservation at the restaurant Anar.
Which city would you like me to make the reservation for?
San Fran.
What time should I make the reservation?
Make it for 12 pm.
Please confirm you would like me to book a reservation at Anar in San Francisco at 12 pm today for 2 people.
No, I would like the reservation to be for three people.
Please confirm you would like me to book a reservation at Anar in San Francisco at 12pm for 3 people.
No, the name of the restaurant is El Amigo and it is for 1 person.
Please confirm you would like me to book a reservation at El Amigo for 1 person.
Yes that is correct. Are the prices inexpensive and do they have live music?
Sorry, I could not make that reservation. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I want to make a reservation at a restaurant for 17:00.
Please confirm you would like me to book a reservation at El Amigo in San Francisco at 5 pm today for 1 person.
Yes that is correct.
Sorry, I could not make that reservation. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you.
Have a great day.
I'd like to make a reservation for 2 at Milpitas.
What time would you like the reservation to be?
How about 17:30?
Is there a restaurant that you prefer?
I like Ta restaurant.
So you want a reservation for 2 at Ta Restaurant in Milpitas? The reservation is for today at 5:30 pm.
Yes, that sounds good. Where is the restaurant located? Can I get their phone number?
I made your reservation and the phone number is 408-719-9998. In case you need the address, it is 90 South Abel Street.
Thanks! That is all I need for now.
Have a good one.
Please help me make a restaurant reservation for later today.
I can do that. Which city are you interested in? What time would you prefer?
I need something in Petaluma for 3 people, at six in the evening.
Is there any particular restaurant you prefer?
Please make it at Lemongrass.
Please confirm: I am booking a table for 3 people at Lemongrass Thai Cuisine in Petaluma. The reservation will be for today at 6 pm.
Yes, that's it. What is the street address for Lemongrass? Also, what type of food is on their menu?
I've made your reservation. The street address is 109 North McDowell Boulevard. That's a Thai restaurant.
Thanks, that is all I needed.
Have a great day.
I'l like to reserve a table at a restaurant for 6 people.
where is the restaurant located? what time are you looking to make a reservation? Do you have a particular restaurant in mind?
I'd like to make a reservation for the 14th of this month at Mendoza's in San Jose for 7:30 in the evening.
Ok, so to confirm: You would like a reservation for 6 people at Mendoza's restaurant in San Jose. The date and time of the booking is March 14th at 7:30 pm.
That's fine. How expensive is the restaurant?
I can confirm that your booking has been made. The restaurant cost is moderate.
Thanks, that's everything for now.
Enjoy your day.
I would like to make a restaurant reservation for three people.
What time would you like to make the reservation for and what city would you like me to search in? Do you have any restaurant preferences?
Can you make me a reservation at Carnitas Michoacan in Gilroy at 11:15 am. Any day will work for me.
Please confirm the following: Reservation is to be booked for 3 people at Carnitas Michoacan in Gilroy at 11:15 am today.
Yes that works for me. Do you know if they serve liquor? Also, can i get the contact number please?
I am terribly sorry but i was unable to make the reservation. The phone number is 408-847-8812. They do not serve alcohol. Would you like me to reserve a seat for 3 people at Carnitas Michoacan for next Thursday at 11:30 am?
No thanks, that will be all.
Thank you, have a great day!
I need a restaurant reservation.
What city should I search? Do you have a particular time in mind?
I want a restaurant in Mountain View about half past 1 in the afternoon.
Do you have a particular restaurant preference.
I like the restaurant Paul Martin's.
So you would like a table at Paul Martin's America Mountain View in Mountain View for 2 people at 1:30 pm today. Can you confirm?
Yes, that is great. Can you give me the restaurant address.
I have successfully made the reservation. The restaurant address is 545 San Antonio Road Suite 31.
What is the restaurant's price range? Do they serve alcohol?
They do serve alcohol and the price range is moderate.
Thanks for the assistance.
Your welcome. Enjoy your day.
I'd like to make a reservation for a restaurant.
Did you have a preferred restaurant and time?
I'd like to make a reservation for 4 at Sumac in Belmont at half past 5 in the evening.
Please confirm you're booking a table for 4 at Sumac Mediterranean Grill in Belmont at 5:30 pm today.
Sure that sounds good.
Your reservation has been confirmed.
How pricey is the place?
It's moderate price range.
Thanks, that's all i need.
Have a great day.
I need a reservation to a restaurant.
Do you have a preferred city and place?
Yes, El Cerrito and make it for Katana-ya for 11:15 in the morning.
Please confirm Yes, El Cerrito and make it for Katana-ya for 11:15 am for today for 2.
It is for 1 and change to 1:15 pm.
Please confirm change to 1:15 pm for 1.
Yes and do they have live music and liquor?
You are confirmed and they do not have live music or alcohol.
Thank you for the help.
Do you need anything else?
No that is all today.
Have a great day.
I would like to book a reservation for a place to eat.
Please provide location and time, and let me know if you have a specific restaurant in mind.
Cetrella restaurant in Half Moon Bay. Book it for 1 o"clock in the afternoon.
Please confirm that you are requesting a reservation for a table for 2 at Cetrella in Half Moon Bay at 1 pm today.
Actually, scratch that. Make it Celia's and at 5:30 pm.
Please confirm that you are requesting a reservation for Celia's at 5:30 pm.
That is correct. Could you give me an idea of their price range?
I am sorry, but I was unable to book the reservation. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thanks anyway.
Enjoy your day.
I was thinking about going to the restaurant, can you help me with the reservation process?
Sure, I can do that for you. Do you have a special restaurant you would like to visit? Maybe, you can tell me the city I should look into? Do you have any idea about the time you want to be there?
Yes, I do have a special place indeed, it's called Nick's Cove and it's in Marshall. Set a table at evening 7:30.
Confirm me all the info. You want me to reserve a table at Nick's Cove for 2 people in Marshall. I'll make the reservation for today at 7:30 pm.
Sounds great. Do you know if they cook Taiwanese food?
The procedure is complete. I know they cook Seafood.
Thank you, you helped me a lot.
Enjoy your dinner.
Can you make a reservation 1t 12:30 in the afternoon at a restaurant?
What city should I look in?
I want it in SFO, a restaurant called Kabuto, just for one please
So I'll be booking a table for 1 at Kabuto Sushi in San Francisco at 12:30 pm for today.
Yes that's good. Do they serve liquor there?
They don't serve alcohol unfortunately. also. Sorry I failed to make a reservation, but I still think we can book Kabuto Sushi, should I try for today 1 pm for one again?
No need it's ok
Can I help with something else?
No that's all thanks
Have a good day
I wanna make a reservation at a restaurant.
Do you have any preference on the restaurant? Which city should I search in?
I want it in San Jose. The restaurant name is Ma's.
What time is the reservation for?
Make it at 6 o"clock in the evening.
Please, confirm the following details: book a table at Ma's Restaurant, in San Jose, at 6 pm. The date is today, and the reservation is for 2 people.
No, I want it in Sunnyvale. Make it at 12:30 pm.
Please, confirm the following details: the city is Sunnyvale, and the reservation is at 12:30 pm.
No. The restaurant is Siam Taste.
Please, confirm the following details: book a table at Siam Taste, in Sunnyvale.
Works for me. How pricey are they?
Your reservation has been successful. Their price range is moderate.
Thanks a lot.
Can I help you with anything else?
No, thanks a lot.
Have a good one.
I want to make a reservation at a restaurant called Dong Que.
Where is the restaurant?
It's in San Jose.
What time do you want the reservation for?
You make make the reservation for twelve pm.
Please confirm the following details: You are booking a table at Dong Que Restaurant in San Jose today, for a reservation at 12 pm for 2 people.
Yes, that works for me.
Great, your reservation has been placed.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you very much.
Have a good day.
I am hungry and want to make a restaurant reservation.
What time is it for? Which city should I search in and do you have a preference?
The time is 13:30 and the city is Alameda. I prefer Applebee's; they have great food.
Please confirm the following details: a reservation for 2 people at Applebee's Grill + Bar, today, at 1:30 pm, in Alameda.
No, it is only for one. And I change my mind, actually, I want to go to the Barrel Head.
Please confirm the following: a reservation for 1 at Barrel Head Brewhouse.
Yes, that works.
Sorry, the reservation did not go through. May I help you with something else?
No. Thanks for your help.
Have a great day.
My friend and I would like to make a reservation for 2 at restaurant.
Is there a particular location you would like to dine in? And do you have a preferred restaurant in which you would like to place a reservation?
The restaurant I would like to place a reservation at is called Bj's and I would like to place the reservation at the San Jose location of this restaurant.
What time would you like to make a reservation for?
I would like to make the reservation for 19:30 tonight.
Okay! To confirm, the reservation is for a party of 2 at Bj's Restaurant & Brewhouse in San Jose. It will be at 7:30 pm today. Is this correct?
Yes, that is perfect. I was wondering if this location will have live music? Also what is the address of this restaurant?
Sorry, but I was unable to get a reservation at this particular time. Is there another time in which you would like to make the reservation for or anything else I could help with?
I would like to make a different time which would be at half past 4 in the evening.
To confirm, the reservation would be for a party of 2 at Bj's Restaurant & Brewhouse in San Jose. It would be at 4:30 pm today. Is this correct?
No, I would actually like to make the reservation at a different restaurant. I would like it at Mazzat in San Fran.
To confirm, you would like a table for 2 at Mazzat in San Francisco for a party of 2 at 4:30 pm today?
Yes that is exactly what I would like.
Sorry but there is no availability for 4:30 pm at Mazzat in San Francisco today. Is there anything else I could assist you with?
No, that is fine. Thank you very much for your help!
No problem, Have a good day!
I'd like to book a spot at a diner.
What metropolis do you want me to look in? Is there a diner you prefer, and what time is the booking for?
I'd like to have it in Antioch at evening 5:30, and the diner is Chili's Grill.
Please verify the following information: A booking for 2 people at Chili's Grill & Bar in Antioch for 5:30 pm today.
Yeah, that's good for me. Do they play live songs?
Your booking is complete. They do not play live songs.
Thank you for your assistance.
Could I assist you with something else?
No, thank you for your assistance.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
I would like to make a reservation at a restaurant for three people.
What time would you like the reservation?
Make it at half past 11 in the morning please.
In which city and do you have a preferred restaurant?
In San Mateo the restaurant is Sushi Yoshizumi.
Booking a table at Sushi Yoshizumi in San Mateo today at 11:30 am for 3 people.
Yes that works, do they serve liquor?
I was unable to make that reservation. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I would like to book a table for 2 people.
Booking a table for today at Sushi Yoshizumi in San Mateo at 11:30 am for 2 people.
What is their phone number and are they above average in pricing?
Your reservation is made and their phone number is 650-437-2282. Their price range is usually very expensive.
Thank you for your assistance.
Have a good day.
I would like to take my wife to dinner at her favorite restaurant, Allegro Romano.
What city is the restaurant located in and at what time would you like a table?
Let's make it an evening 7:30 reservation and you should look in San Francisco.
Okay, can you verify for me that you want a reservation for 2 at Allegro Romano located in San Francisco today at 7:30 pm?
Can you tell me if they serve Punjabi, I've been wanting to try that. I will also need the address for my GPS.
The address of the establishment is 1701 Jones Street. They serve Italian cuisine. I was successful in reserving a table for you at the requested date and time.
Thanks for all your help. That will be all for now.
It was my pleasure, have a great day !
I want to make a reservation at a restaurant for 11:15.
Which city should I search for?
Pleasant Hill please.
Is there a preferred restaurant you like?
Wence's is the restaurant I want.
Please confirm these details: Booked a table at Wence's Restaurant. It is in Pleasant Hill city. The time of the reservation is 11:15 am. The date is today, and the reservation is for 2 people.
That works for me. What type of food and liquor do they serve?
I could not make the reservation. They serve California style food. They don't serve liquor. Wence's restaurant is very nice, should I try a reservation for 2 people today at 11:30 am?
No thank you.
Can I help with anything else?
Nope. Thank you.
Have a good one.
I would like to make a reservation at a restaurant at 6 pm.
Is there a particular restaurant you have in mind?
The restaurant is called Zaoh. I'd like to make a reservation for 6 people.
Which city should I search?
Can you find a restaurant in San Fran?
Please confirm: The reservation is today at 6 pm for 6 people for a table at Zaoh in San Francisco.
Yes. What is the address?
Sorry, I was unable to make a reservation. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I want to make a reservation at Mcdonald's for five people.
Please confirm: I'm booking a table at Mcdonald's for 5 people at 6 pm today in San Francisco.
Yes that's perfect
Your reservation was successful.
Thanks, that's all I need.
Have a good day.
I'd like to make a restaurant reservation please.
What time please?
For 12:45 please.
Do you have a restaurant in mind?
Yes, the name of the restaurant is Bikaner.
What is the city?
In San Carlos, the restaurant I'd like to find is West Park.
Confirming a booking at West Park Bistro in San Carlos at 12:45 PM today for 2 people.
Actually that should be tomorrow for 3 people.
Confirming a reservation tomorrow for 3 people.
Did they serve liquor and what kind of food do they serve?
I'm sorry, I couldn't make the reservation. They don't serve alcohol and they have a brunch menu. Would you like me to try to make a reservation tomorrow for 3 people at 1 PM at West Park Bistro?
Yes, please try to do that.
The reservation was successful.
Thanks, I'm all set.
You're welcome, thank you.
I want to make a reservation at a restaurant.
What city should I search in?
I want a restaurant in Hayward for the 11th.
Do you have a preferred restaurant? What time is the reservation for?
I want a reservation at Buon Appetito at 1:30 pm.
Okay, I have a reservation at Buon Appetito in Hayward for 1:30 pm on March 11th for 2 people, is this correct?
No, I want it on the 12th of this month at 13:00.
Okay, the reservation is at 1 pm on March 12th.
Yes, that is correct.
I have successfully made the reservation.
Thank you very much!
Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thank you.
Have a great day.
Can you get me dinner reservations for 6 in the evening?
Sure. What restaurant and location do you want reservations for?
Kufu-ya restaurant in San Fran.
I will book you a table for 2 at Kufu-ya in San Francisco for 6 pm today. Is that correct?
Yes, that will be perfect.
Your reservation is set.
Thank you!
Anything else?
No, thank you for your help.
Your welcome. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
I would like to make a reservation at a restaurant for the 1st of this month.
Which city are you looking for a restaurant in?
It will be in Burlingame. The restaurant I would like to make a reservation for is Steelhead, for one person.
What time would you like the reservation to be?
I would like it for 18:30.
Please confirm the following details of the reservation: Booking a table for today at Steelhead Brewing Company in Burlingame at 6:30 pm. The reservation will be for 1 person.
Yes, all of those details are correct.
Your reservation was successful, anything else I can do for you?
Thank you very much. That is all I need for today.
Have a great day.
I'd like to reserve dinner at a restaurant in Santa Rosa
Is there a particular restaurant you like? And what time do you want to book?
Yes, I'd love to go to La Vera. Can you book for 5 in the evening?
okay, confirming you want to book for 2 people at La Vera Pizza in Santa Rosa today at 5 pm?
Yes thank you
I've reserved a table for you.
Can you tell me if they have live music, oh and also the address?
There's no live music at the restaurant. They are located at 629 4th Street.
Thanks so much, that's it for now.
Enjoy your meal!
Hi! I'm meeting a date today! Could you make a reservation at seven in the evening tonight?
Congratulations! Do you have any particular restaurant in mind?
Yes! The Old Siam, it's my favorite. Could you book it for 4 people please?
Sure thing! What city is it located in?
It's in San Francisco.
Great, so just to confirm, I'm booking a table at the Old Siam in San Francisco at 7 pm today for 4 people, correct?
Actually, could you make it for five people?
Definitely. So with the new details we'll book it for 5 people at the Old Siam in San Francisco, correct?
That's perfect!
Great, the reservation is done.
Thank you so much!
Not a problem! Is there anything else I could help out with?
That's it! Thank you!
Great, have a good day!
Make a reservation at the restaurant Navin.
What time and location would you like to make the reservation for?
I want the one in San Francisco for 12:15 pm.
Booking a table at Navin Thai Restaurant in San Francisco for today at 12:15 pm for 2 people. Is that correct?
Yes, that's good. How pricey are they? Do they have live music?
Your reservation has been successfully made. Their price range is moderate but there is no live music.
Thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you.
Have a good day.
I need you to make reservations st Koh Samui & The Monkey for three please
Where are they located? What time do you want to eat?
Make the reservation in San Francisco for 7 in the evening on Wednesday next week.
You would like reservations for 3 in San Francisco at Koh Samui & The Monkey next Wednesday at 7 pm. Is that information correct?
No, I forgot, my mother-in-law canceled, so I only need reservations for two and I need those at the Crouching TIger.
You want a table for 2 at the Crouching Tiger Restaurant, is this right?
Yes, exactly, I will need the address. Are they in the low priced category?
I could not get an available table. Do you have something else I can do?
No, not at this moment. Thank you.
Have a wonderful day then.
I want to make a reservation at Broderick Roadhouse.
What is your preferred city?
I want the reservation in Walnut Creek for 1 person.
What time would you like?
I'd like it in the evening 5:30.
So, you'd like a reservation for Broderick Roadhouse in Walnut Creek at 5:30 pm today for 1 person.
No, I changed my mind. I want to go to Egg Roll King in Daly City.
Should I book a table at Egg Roll King in Daly City?
Yes, that's right.
The reservation is successful.
What type of food can I eat there?
They're an Asian restaurant.
Thanks, that's all I need today.
Have a good day.
I need to make a restaurant reservation.
Which restaurant in which city and for what time?
The restaurant is in Berkeley and it's called House of Curries. I would like a reservation for 1 person at quarter past 5 in the evening.
Confirming a table for 1 at House of Curries in Berkeley at 5:15 PM today.
Sounds great, thank you.
Sorry, the reservation was unsuccessful. What else may I do for you?
Please try to book it again at 13:15.
Confirming a table for 1 at House of Curries in Berkeley at 1:15 PM today.
That sounds good.
I was unable to book that for you. Would you like me to try a reservation for 1 person today at 1:30 PM at the House of Curries?
I don't think so.
Is there anything else I could do for you?
Not right now.
Thank you, goodbye.
I'd like to make a dinner reservation.
What time do you want to dine? What city are you in, perhaps you have a preferred restaurant?
Yes, can you book me a table at Bob's Steakhouse in San Francisco at 5:15 pm on the 8th?
Okay, making sure I've got all the details: you want a table for 2 at Bob's Steak & Chop House in San Francisco next Friday at 5:15 pm?
Yeps that's right. What's the price range?
I've booked you in. Other customers have rated them as very expensive.
Okay good to know.
Happy to help.
Can you help me make a restaurant reservation?
Sure I just need some additional information. What city should I search in and at what time do you need the reservation?
Search for restaurants in Morgan Hill. The reservation is for a party of 2 and make it for half past 1 in the afternoon.
Do you have a specific restaurant in mind?
Please make the reservation at Odeum.
To confirm, you want a reservation for a party of 2 at Odeum restaurant in Morgan Hill at 1:30 pm today.
No, actually I want the reservation at Celia's in SFO.
To confirm, you want a reservation for Celia's By The Beach in San Francisco.
Yes that's perfect, thanks. What's their price range?
I have made your reservation as requested. Their prices are moderate.
Thank you, that's all I needed.
Happy to help. Have a great day.
I need to make a reservation for a date on the 2nd.
Okay. Which restaurant and what city should it be in?
I'm looking for a reservation to Amami in San Bruno.
What time do you wish for this reservation?
It should be around 5:30 in the evening.
Let me double check. This is a reservation for a table at Amami Sushi in San Bruno at 5:30 pm tomorrow for 2 people.
Scratch that. Make it the 8th of March.
So, it's next Friday for 2 people?
Yeah. Do they serve Pizza and Pasta styles of food? Is the price range lavish?
Your reservation has been accepted. They serve Seafood and their price range is quite moderate.
Thank you for all your help. That's all.
Have a wonderful day!
Can you find me a reservation at a restaurant in San Jose?
Can you specify the time of your reservation?Which restaurant would you prefer?
I would like a reservation in Flames Eatery at 19:00
You need to confirm the details which are as follows.You have reserved a table at Flames Eatery & Bar in San Jose at 7 pm.The booked table is for 2 people today.
No.Its book for 1 person.
Please confirm the details again.The city of reservation is in San Jose.The booking is for 1 person.
Yes, That's it.May I know the price ?
Your booking is successful.Price is moderate.
Thank you so much..That's all.
Have a great day.
I want a reservation for a restaurant.
Where should I search for it?
The restaurant is Jing-jing Szechwan in Palo Alto.
At what time do you want the reservation?
I want it for 12:15 pm next Friday.
To confirm: I'm booking a reservation for 2 people at Jing-Jing Szechwan & Hunan Gourmet in Palo Alto next Friday at 12:15 pm.
Please make the reservation for 1 person.
Okay. To confirm: I'm booking the reservation for Jing-jing Szechwan & Hunan Gourmet for 1 person.
Correct. What is their phone number?
I'm sorry, but I was not able to make that reservation. Their phone number is 650-328-6885. Should I try to book a reservation for 1 person next Friday at 12:30 pm. Jing-jing Szechwan & Hunan Gourmet is quite nice.
Sure, that's fine.
The reservation was made.
Thanks, that will be all.
Have a good one!
I would like to make a reservation at a restaurant.
Do you have a preferred restaurant in mind?
Yes, make the reservation for Broadway on March 12th at 12:30.
What City is the restaurant located in?
The restaurant is located in Burlingame.
You would like me to reserve a table for 2 at Broadway Grill on March 12th at 12:30 pm. The Restaurant is located in Burlingame. Is this information correct?
Yes, the information is correct. Is the restaurant very expensive? Do they have live music?
Your reservation is successful. It is a moderate restaurant. They have live music.
Thank you very much.
My pleasure. Have a good day.
Hello, I'd like to make a reservation at My No.1 Sushi for 1.
Which city are you looking for? And what time?
Milpitas. In the morning 10:45.
Ok. I'm going to make a reservation for 1 at 10:45 am today at My No.1 Sushi & Tofu in Milpitas.
Yes, please.
Unfortunately My No.1 Sushi & Tofu is all booked at that time. Would a table for 1 at 11 am today work instead?
Yes, that's fine too.
Alright that worked and you're booked.
Do they Tacos there? What's the phone number?
No, they serve Japanese food. The number is 408-946-5100.
Thanks for everything.
Anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, that's all.
Have a good one.
I want to reserve a restaurant in Walnut Creek
At what time do you want this reservation? Any preferences?
Make it a eleven am at Kana for two people
Please confirm this reservation, 11 am at Kana Sushi in Walnut Creek for 2 people today.
Confirmed, what is the address?
Reserved successfully, address is 1280 Newell Avenue.
Is there live music?
No live music
Thanks a lot
Anything else I can do?
No thank you.
Have a good one!
I'd like to make a reservation at China Villa.
What time would you like the reservation?
18:00 on the 4th of this month.
What city is the restaurant in?
Actually, make the time 1 in the afternoon. The city is San Fran.
A reservation at China Villa in San Francisco at 1 pm for 2 people next Monday. Is this correct?
No. The restaurant is now Wooden Charcoal Barbecue on March 9th.
A reservation at Wooden Charcoal Korean Village Barbecue House on March 9th. Is that correct?
Yes.
Your reservation was scheduled successfully.
Thank you.
Is there anything else you would like help with?
No, that is all.
Have a nice day.
I would like to make a reservation for The View on the 2nd of this month.
What city please?
It's in San Fran.
What time?
Do you have anything for quarter to 7 in the evening?
Yes. I found a table for The View Lounge in San Francisco at 6:45 pm for tomorrow for 2 people.
That's great.
I was unable to make the reservation at The View Lounge at that time. How about a reservation for 2 tomorrow at 7 pm?
No, I am fine.
Anything else?
No, thanks.
Enjoy your day.
Can I make a reservation at this restaurant?
What time would you like to place a reservation?
I want it at six in the evening.
In which city would you like to make a reservation? Do you have a restaurant in mind?
I want a restaurant in SF. The restaurant I want to go to is called Khamsa.
Please confirm the following information: The city is San Francisco. The reservation is at Khamsa restaurant at 6 PM today. The number of people in your party is 2.
Yes, that is excellent.
Apologies. I was unable to book this reservation. Is there anything else that I may help you with?
I want to try booking another reservation. The restaurant is Mimi's.
Please confirm the following information: The city is San Francisco. The restaurant is Mimi's Cafe. The reservation is for today at 6 pm. There are 2 people in your party.
Yes, that sounds good. Is this restaurant expensive or affordable?
Apologies. I was unable to book this reservation. Is there anything else that I may help you with?
No, thank you.
Have a wonderful day.
I want to reserve a spot at a table tonight.
Where would you like to eat?
Somewhere in Union City.
Do you know where you would like to eat? What time will you arrive?
I'm craving Mexico Lindo. I will be there at half past 1 in the afternoon.
Let me get this straight: I am reserving a table for 2 at Mexico Lindo located in Union City for 1:30 pm today. Did I get that right?
Actually I'll need a table for 4 at 1:45 pm.
Alright, so that's a table for 4 at 1:45 pm?
Oh and can you make it The Van's in Belmont?
You want a table for The Van's Restaurant in Belmont?
That's the one.
I've got your table set.
Thanks!
Was there something else I could assist with?
Nah, that will do for now.
Have a good one!
I want a reservation at the Santa Rosa restaurant.
Do you have a restaurant you prefer? Can you tell me the time of the reservation?
Let's meet at 7 pm at the Jojo Restaurant.
Today I want to book a table for 2 people at the Jojo Restaurant & Sushi Bar in the Santa Rosa city. at 7 pm.
That is fine with .me. Do they serve liquor?
Your reservation was booked. Please note they do not serve alcohol.
Thanks a lot.
Can I help you in anything?
Thanks, but no.
I hope you have a great day.
I would like to set up a reservation at a restaurant please.
Okay, what time would you like to go out to eat?
I would like to make the reservation for four people. It will be in the morning 11:30. It will be in San Fran.
Okay, what is your preferred restaurant?
Sushi Hashiri, please.
Okay, I am going to book a table at Sushi Hashiri in San Francisco. Your reservation will be for 11:30 am today for 4 people. Is this correct?
No, make it for two people.
Okay, we are all set for 11:30 am for 2 people. Does this work?
No it does not. I would like to change the restaurant to El Amigo in Santa Clara.
Okay. I will change the restaurant to El Amigo Burrito in Santa Clara. Does this work
Yes, this works great. Are the prices very expensive? Is there live music?
The reservation has been confirmed. The price range is inexpensive and they do not have live music.
Okay, thanks!
Enjoy your reservation!
I would like to make a reservation.
What time is the reservation?
Please, make it at quarter past 5 in the evening.
What restaurant do you prefer?
Please, make it at 7:15 pm. The restaurant is Hikari Sushi in San Fran.
Can you confirm? The booking table is at Hikari Sushi & Bar, the city is in San Francisco, the reservation is at 7:15 pm, and there are two seats for 2 people. And lastly, it's today.
No, it's for 1 person. I want to book it for March 12th.
Confirm, please: The reservation is for 1 person and the date would be for March 12th.
Yes, that's correct. Do they have live music, by the way?
I have registered your reservation. And no, there's no live music.
Thanks, that's all I need.
You're very welcome!
I want to make a reservation at Cassava restaurant.
In which city is Cassava restaurant and what time would you like the reservation?
I would like a reservation for the SF restaurant for 6 people at eleven am.
Please confirm the reservation at Cassava in San Francisco for 6 people at 11 am for today.
It's for 5 people, not 6.
Please confirm the following reservation for 5 people at 11 am.
Yes. That works for me.
Your reservation is has been confirmed.
Thank you.
Can I help you with anything else?
No. Thank you.
Have a good day!
I would like to make a reservation.
What restaurant and time?
Evening 7:15 at Mcdonald's.
What city?
Hayward.
Please confirm a 7:15 pm reservation at Mcdonald's in Hayward today for 2 people.
Great.
I was unable to make that reservation at Mcdonald's. Is today at 7:30 pm for 2 people okay?
No, thanks.
Anything else?
No, that's all for now.
Have a great day.
I want to make a reservation at a restuarant
What city? Any preferred place?
I want it in SF on the 2nd of this month at half past 11 in the morning. The restaurant I want is Pampalasa
Booking a table at Pampalasa in San Francisco at 11:30 am for 2 people for tomorrow
Make it at 5:30 pm for 1 instead.
Confirming your 5:30 pm reservation for 1
Actually I want it in Healdsburg at a place called Willi's
Confirming a table at Willi's | Seafood & Raw Bar in Healdsburg
Yes that's good. What's their number?
Your reservation is confirmed. Their number is 707-433-9192
Thanks so much
Can I do anything else?
No, that's all thanks
Have a good day
I want to go to a restaurant on March 2nd. Can you make a reservation?
Tell me your desired restaurant, city and time
A reservation for two at All Spice in San Mateo at afternoon 1:30
So you want a table for 2 for tomorrow 1:30 pm at All Spice in San Mateo. Is it correct?
Yes. Can you get me a number to contact them?
It is 650-627-4303. Your reservation has been confirmed.
That is enough. Thanks a million.
You're welcome. Good bye.
I would like to make a reservation at a restaurant in Half Moon Bay.
Do you have a restaurant in mind?
I would like a reservation for two people at Shiki at one in the afternoon.
You would like a reservation for 2 people at Shiki Japanese Cuisine in Half Moon Bay, today at 1 pm. Is that correct?
Yes, that sounds great.
Your reservation is made.
Does this restaurant serve Tacos?
No, they serve Japanese food.
How expensive is this restaurant?
They're prices are moderate.
Thank you for all your help. That is everything.
Have a great day.
My old college roommates are visiting me soon, and I would like to make a reservation at an upscale restaurant to impress them. Do you know of any such places nearby?
What time did you tell the hostess we would be there for? In it in your hometown?
I am having a get together on the 14th in Livermore, most likely at around a quarter past 1 in the afternoon.
Do you have a favorite restaurant?
I would like to go to Walia in San Jose.
Please confirm these details for me: you would like to book a table at Walia in San Jose on March 14th at 1:15 pm for 2 people?
No, can you please change the reservation to 7:30 pm.
Please confirm the following details so I am not mistaken: you would like a reservation for 2 people at 7:30 pm?
Thats perfect.
We have recorded your reservation and look forward to seeing you soon.
What number do I contact to make a reservation?
The contact number for reservations is 408-645-5001.
I think I am all set. Thank you!
Have a great rest of your day.
I'd like to make a reservation at a restaurant please.
Do you have a preference as to which restaurant the reservation is made?
I would like the reservation to be made at the Parkside restaurant and I will need the reservation to be the 7th of this month please.
What time would you like the reservation to be for and which city is the restaurant located in?
please make the reservation for 1:30 in the afternoon in Portola Valley.
I would like to confirm the reservation details. I am booking a table at the Parkside Grille restaurant in Portola Valley. The reservation is at 1:30 pm next Thursday and is for 2 people.
Yes that's right. What is the phone number for the restaurant and what is their price range?
The reservation has been booked successfully. They are in the moderate price range and their phone number is 650-529-9007.
Thank you. I don't need anything else.
Be sure to have a good day!
I want to make a reservation at La Panotiq restaurant at 12:00
which city do you want?
I want it in Livermore.
Please confirm the following details: booking a table at La Panotiq Bakery Cafe livermore. the city is livermore at 12 pm,, reservation for 2 people today.
Yes that works for me
Your reservation done.
Thanks a lot
Have a nice day.
I'd like to make a reservation on the 12th of March for three people.
Where would you like to go? Did you have a specific restaurant in mind?
Actually, I'd like to make the reservation for the 13th of March instead. I'd like it for Mua in Oakland.
Okay, got it. And what time were you thinking?
7:15 in the evening would be great.
So you would like to book a reservation at Mua Oakland in Oakland for 3 people at 7:15 pm on March 13th, right?
Yep. Also, do you have their phone number? And do you know if they serve Punjabi food?
Their phone number is 510-238-1100, and they only serve American food. It seems like there aren't any reservations available for 7:15 pm. Would you like me to try to book a reservation at Mua Oakland for 3 people on March 13th at 7:30 pm instead?
Sure, that works too.
I have successfully booked your reservation!
Great, thank you! That's all I needed.
Have a nice day, and enjoy your meal!
I want to eat out today, and would like a reservation at a restaurant.
Please tell me the city in which to search.
Please search in SF, for 4 people.
Any preferred restaurant? What time should I reserve it for?
Please make a reservation at Limon for the 13th at morning 11:45.
Please confirm that the reservation is for 11:45 am on March 13th, at Limon Rotisserie in San Francisco. It is for 4 people.
Yes, that's perfect. Do you have their address, as well as contact number?
Your reservation has been made. They are on 1001 South Van Ness Avenue. You can reach them on 415-821-2134.
Much appreciated.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nothing else, thanks a lot.
Wishing you a good day.
I need a restaurant reservation
Do you have a restaurant in mind? Which city and at what time?
I'd like it for four at 12:00 at Lark Creek in San Jose
I have a table for 4 today at 12 pm at the Lark Creek Kitchen in San Jose. Please confirm
Yes, sounds good!
Your reservation is confirmed
Thanks, that's it
Have a good day.
I am planning to go to dinner with some friends and I would like to choose a restaurant and secure a reservation.
What location would you like me to find a restaurant in? And do you have a preference in terms of cuisine? What time would you like the reservation made for?
I am looking for a morning 11:30 reservation at McDonald's in Berkeley.
I would like to have a reservation made for 11:30 am today for 2 people at McDonald's restaurant in Berkeley. Can you confirm this?
I am fine with that. Can you tell me what kind of food they serve and if they have live music?
I have confirmed your reservation. They do have live music and the food they serve is Salad.
Excellent. Thank you.
Is there anything more you need help with?
No. I am all set. Thanks again.
Great. Take care.
I want to make a reservation at Asya
What city is Asya in? What time would you like the reservation for?
Asya is in San Carlos. The reservation is for three people at 7 in the evening.
So you would like me to book a table at Asya Restaurant, in San Carlos, for today at 7 PM, for 3 people correct?
That works for me.
Sorry I was unable to make the reservation. Can I help with anything else?
Make the reservation for 13:15.
So you would like me to book a table at Asya Restaurant, in San Carlos, for today at 1:15 PM, for 3 people correct?
Yes. What is the address and the contact number?
Your reservation is confirmed. Their phone number is 650-596-9828, and the address is 773 Laurel Street.
Thank You
Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks.
Have a good day.
I would like to make a reservation at a restaurant
Are there any restaurants that you prefer?
The restaurant is named Foreign Cinema. I want to reserve it for later today.
At what time do you want to reserve the restaurant?
Reserve it for this evening 7 pm for 6 people.
Which city is this restaurant located in?
Please search in SFO.
Please confirm your reservation. Reserving a table at Foreign Cinema in San Francisco at 7 pm for 6 people today.
This is incorrect. The restaurant is Black Angus.
Please confirm your reservation. Reserving a table at Black Angus Steakhouse at 7 pm.
Yes this is correct.
I apologize. A table could not be reserved. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to make a reservation at a restaurant. Please reserve it for half past 7 in the evening.
Please confirm your reservation. Reserving a table at Black Angus Steakhouse in San Francisco at 7:30 pm for 6 people today.
Yes this is good. What is the address of this restaurant? Does it serve American food?
I apologize. A reservation could not be made. Do you need help with anything else?
No, thank you.
Have a good day.
I want to book a table
What time for?
I think 7:30 in the evening would be good
Where would you like me to book a table for?
There's a place in San Jose called Pearl River - can you just book it for one please
Ok, I'll book a table for 1 at the Pearl River Restaurant in San Jose. I'll book it for 7:30 pm today. Is that ok?
Actually can you make it for 2?
No problem. I'll book a table for 2 at the Pearl River Restaurant
Perfect! Is it a budget place? And do they have live music?
All booked for you. No live music, unfortunately. I've checked online and the price is moderate.
Lovely, thank you. I don't need anything else.
You're welcome, have a great day
I would like to make a reservation for the 4th of March.
Where would you like to eat?
It's called the Alembic.
When did you make the reservation for?
Our reservation is at 11:30 for four people.
For what city should I look?
Search in San Francisco.
Someone needs to confirm the reservation at The Alembic in San Francisco for 4 people at 11:30 am next Monday.
No, the reservation is at Paradise Sushi.
Please confirm the 11:30 am reservation at Paradise Sushi & Grill.
It's supposed to be on the 2nd.
Confirm the reservation tomorrow for 4 people.
That works!
Unfortunately the reservation could not be made. Is there anything else I can do?
I need a 1:30 pm reservation.
Can you confirm a table at Paradise Sushi & Grill in San Francisco for 4 people tomorrow at 1:30 pm.
Yes! Can I see a menu and drink list?
Unfortunately the reservation could not be made. Is there anything else I can do?
No thank you.
Have a nice day.
I want to make a reservation at a restaurant. I want it in Oakland.
Do you have a preferred restaurant? What time is the reservation for?
The restaurant is Shakewell. Make it at 11:30 in the morning.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table at Shakewell. The city is Oakland. The reservation is at 11:30 am. The date is today. The reservation is for 2 people.
No. The restaurant is Villa D'este. I want it in San Francisco.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table at Villa D'este. The city is San Francisco.
No. Make it at 4:30 pm.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table at Villa D'este. The reservation is at 4:30 pm.
Yes that works for me.
Sorry, I was unable to make a reservation. Can I help you with anything else?
No. Thank you very much.
Have a good day.
i want to make a reservation at restaurant
what time is the reservation for? which city i should search in? do you have a preferred restaurant?
the restaurant is la traviata.i want it in san fran.make it at 6:30 pm
please confirm the following details:booking a table at la traviata. the city is san francisco.the reservation is at 6:30 pm.the date is today. the reservation is for 2 peoples.
yes that works for me.do they have live music?
your reservation is successful.they do not have live music.
thank you very much.that is all i need.
have a good day
I'm meeting a friend soon, and we'd like to make a reservation at a restaurant.
Which restaurant do you have in mind, and what time is the reservation for?
I'm thinking about Rice Bowl, at morning 11:30
Which city should I search in?
Antioch please, on the 7th of this month.
I'm booking a table for 2 at Rice Bowl in the city of Antioch next Thursday at 11:30 am. IS that correct?
Yes, that's correct. What is their address?
Your reservation was successful. Their address is 3436 Deer Valley Road
What's their phone number? Do you know if they serve pasta?
Their phone number is 925-777-0888. They serve Chinese food.
Thank you very much?
Can I help you with anything else?
No. Thank you
Have a good day
I need to make a reservation for a lunch date
What time should the reservation be for and what city?
Look in San Bruno for a reservation at quarter past 11 in the morning
What is the name of the restaurant you prefer?
Bj's is my first choice
Bj's restaurant & Brewhouse in San Bruno at 11:15 am today for 2 guest. Is that correct?
Yes that is correct.
The 11:15 am reservation is unavailable at Bj's Restaurant & Brewhouse. Shall I check for a open reservation for 2 today at 11:30 am .
Please check that for me.
You have reservations at 11:30 am for 2 today confirmed
Thank you for suggesting another time. That is all for now
Have a good lunch.
I would like to make a restaurant reservation.
In which city should I search and at what time? Do you have a preferred restaurant?
I would like to make a reservation at the Firehouse Grill in Sunnyvale at 6:45 pm on the 12th of this month.
Please confirm you would like to book a table for 2 at the Firehouse Grill & Brewery in sunnyvale at 6:45 pm on March 12th.
Yes. Do they serve Pizza and Pasta, and also liquor?
Your reservation is confirmed. They serve American food and they do serve alcohol.
Thank you very much!
May I help you with anything else?
No. Thank you.
Have a good day!
I want to go out to dinner next week. Can you make me a reservation for 7 o"clock in the evening?
Are you still in LA, if not where should I search?
No I left LA yesterday, find restaurants in Lafayette please.
Do you have a place in mind?
Yes, I really want to try The Park. See if it's available on the 6th.
The Park Bistro & Bar in Lafayette has one table for 2 available at 7 pm next Wednesday. Does that work?
Yes that's perfect. Do you know if a band is playing that night? Also do they serve Burrito food at the bar?
You're all set! There's no live music. However, they do serve the Bistro menu at the bar.
Awesome, thank you!
No problem. Anything else?
No that's it, thanks again.
Anytime, enjoy your day!
I want to make a reservation at a restaurant.
Which city should I search in? What time is the reservation for? Do you have a preferred restaurant?
I want a reservation at El Tesoro at 7:45 in the evening, in SFO.
Please confirm: Table reserved for 7:45 pm today for 2 people, at El Tesoro Taqueria & Grill in San Francisco.
Yes that works for me.
Sorry that time is not available, shall I reserve a table for 2 today at 7:30 pm at El Tesoro Taqueria & Grill?
Yes, that works for me.
Your reservation is successful.
What's their phone number? How pricey are they?
Their phone number is 415-202-0530, and their price range is inexpensive.
Thank you very much.
Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you.
Have a good day.
I want to make a reservation at a restaurant.
Which city should I search in?
I want it on the 4th day of the month. I want the city of SFO.
What time is the reservation for? Do you have a preferred restaurant?
The restaurant is called Mission Beach Cafe. Make the reservation at 18:45.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table at the restaurant Mission Beach Cafe located in the city of San Francisco. The dinner reservation is at 6:45 pm. The date of the reservation is next Monday and it is for 2 people.
That is incorrect, the restaurant is Hisui 2.
Please confirm the following details: The reservation is for booking a table at Hisui 2 for 2 people.
Yes that works for me.
Sorry, I was unable to make a reservation. Can I help you with anything else?
I want to make a reservation at the restaurant, and I want it to be Sunday this week.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table at the restaurant Hisui 2 located in the city of San Francisco. The dinner reservation is at 6:45 pm. The date of the reservation is the day after tomorrow and it is for 2 people.
Yes that works, is the price intermediate priced or expensive?
Sorry, I was unable to make a reservation. Can I help you with anything else?
No. Thank you very much.
Have a good day.
I'd like to make a reservation at a restaurant.
Which city, and do you have a preferred restaurant?
The restaurant is Coupa Cafe in Palo Alto.
What time would you like the reservation?
Please make it for 4:45 pm.
Please confirm your reservation: A table for 2 at Coupa Cafe - Ramona in Palo Alto at 4:45 pm today.
Yes that works for me. Is it in the bargain price range?
It is in the moderate price range. Your reservation is successful.
What is their contact number?
Their phone number is 650-322-6872.
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you.
Have a good day.
I would like to reserve a table at a restaurant.
Which city are you located in, and do you have a restaurant in mind?
The name of the restaurant is Marche Aux Fleurs. The location is in Ross, and the date is on the 10th.
What time would you like me to make the reservation?
I would like it to be a eleven am.
Please confirm the following information: I am booking a table for 2 at Marche Aux Fleurs in Ross. It is on March 10th at 11 am.
Yup sounds great to me.
The reservation has been booked successfully.
Thanks a ton!
Anything else I can assist you with?
Nope, that's it, thanks!
Have a good one.
I need to make a dinner reservation.
I need to know what city you want me to search, what time you want the reservation for, and if you have a particular restaurant in mind.
I need the reservation to be made for eleven in the morning at the Station House restaurant in Point Reyes Station.
Pleas confirm that you wish me to book a table for 2 at 11 am, today, at the Station House Cafe in Point Reyes Station.
It should be for 4 people.
Okay, for 4 people at 11 am; is this correct?
Yes, thank you.
I am unable to book a reservation at this time, sorry, is there something else I can help you with?
No thanks.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I'd like to eat at Rivoli
Where is it? When should I book?
It's in Berkeley. Let's book for March 7th at 12 o"clock in the afternoon
Perfect. Can you check if i understood correctly? A table for 2 at Rivoli Restaurant in Berkeley for next Thursday at 12 pm?
yes, All correct
I've booked your table
Thank you
Is there anything else I can do?
No, I'm alright
Have a nice day
I would like to reserve a table at a restaurant.
At what restaurant and time would you like to dine?
I'd like to eat at Little Nepal, evening 6:30.
And in which city is that located?
I would like the reservation on the 7th; it's in SF.
All set. Just to confirm, I have reservations for 2 at Little Nepal in San Francisco next Thursday at 6:30 PM.
Yes, that would be great. Do they serve liquor? What's the exact address?
The reservation is successful. They do not serve alcohol. They are located at 925 Cortland Avenue.
Thanks a lot!
Can I assist you with anything further?
No. Thanks a lot.
Have a good day.
I'd like to make a restaurant reservation.
In which city? Do you have a restaurant you prefer?
I'd like Rubio's in Cupertino, if possible.
At what time?
17:30, please.
Please confirm a reservation at Rubio's Coastal Grill in the city of Cupertino today for 2 people at 5:30 pm.
Yes, that's perfect.
Your reservation is made.
What's Rubio's address? Do they serve Taiwanese food?
Their address is at 20688 Stevens Creek Boulevard, and their cuisine type is Seafood.
Thank you!
Will there be anything else?
No, thank you.
Have a great day!
Hi, I am going out with my friend soon. I would like to make a reservation at a restaurant.
What city would you like to make a reservation?
I would like a reservation for March 11th in San Rafael at 18:00.
Do you have a restaurant in mind?
I would like to go to Bj's.
I can book the restaurant now. Can you confirm a few things? I am booking a table at Bj's Restaurant & Brewhouse in San Rafael for 6 pm. The reservation is for 2 on March 11th.
Actually, can you make the reservation for twelve in the afternoon.
Can you confirm that the reservation will be from 12 pm for 2 people?
Yes that works. What is the address?
Your reservation has been made. The address is 5800 Northgate Mall Suite 159.
What is the price range? What is the phone number?
The price range is moderate. The phone number is 415-755-6250.
Thank you!
You're welcome! Do you need help with anything else?
No. Thank you !
Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant in San Ramon.
For what time?
For the 4th of March at 18:45 in the restaurant Yayume.
Can you confirm the following reservation at Yayume Sushi in San Ramon. Next Monday at 6:45 pm for 2 people.
Yes, that's good. Are they pricey?
I booked your reservation. Their prices are moderate.
Does the restaurant also serve Szcheuan food?
They have sushi.
Thank you.
Anything else i can help you with?
No. That was it, thanks.
Have a nice day.
I would like to reserve a table for dinner.
Where are you located? Are there any restaurants that you like specifically?
I like Babu Ji, in SFO. There will be four of us
What time would like to go to the restaurant?
At 5:30 in the evening.
Let's make sure all is correct. You want to make a reservation for 4 people at Babu Ji SF in San Francisco for today at 5:30 pm.
Yes, that's right!
The table has been reserved.
Is there live music at that restaurant?
No, there is not.
Ok, thank you, that will be all.
Enjoy your dinner!
I'd like to make a reservation at a restaurant.
Do you have a restaurant in mind? Also, what city and time would you prefer?
I want to go to Campo Fina in Healdsburg at 5:45 pm.
Shall I make a reservation for Campo Fina in Healdsburg for 5:45 pm today? The reservation will be for 2 people.
Yes, that's good. What type of food can I eat there?
The reservation is booked. The restaurant serves Italian.
Thank you, that's all I need.
Have a good day.
I would like to make a reservation at the restaurant Acquerello.
What time do you want the reservation and in what city should is search?
The reservation should be in San Francisco at 6:15 in the evening.
You want to make a reservation at Acquerello in San Francisco for 2 people at 6:15 pm today. Do I have that correct?
Yes, that is correct.
I wasn't able to make the reservation at Acquerello. Should I try a reservation for 2 today at 6 pm instead?
Yes, go ahead.
Your reservation has been made.
Thank you. That is all I need.
Your welcome. Have a good day.
I would like to make a reservation at Chef Zhao restaurant at 11 am
Do you have any particular city in mind?
Palo Alto would be great
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table at Chef Zhao Kitchen in Palo Alto at 11 am today for 2 people
Yes! That works for me.
Your reservation is successful
Is the restaurant costly?
The prices are moderate.
What is their address?
The address is 2180 West Bayshore Road #120
Thank you!
Can I help you with anything else?
No. Thank you very much
Have a good day.
I am meeting my brother to have a meal together so I want to make a reservation at seven in the evening.
I have a preferred restaurant. Make it in Millbrae.
I want the restaurant Yi Yuan in Millbrae.
Your reservation details which you should confirm are as follows; one table at Yi Yuan in the city of Millbrae at 7 pm. This has been booked for 2 people today.
Great! That is perfect. Now I need to know if they have live music?
Your reservation is complete and set but unfortunately there is no live music.
Thank you for all of your work.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Everything is great, thank you.
Have a great day and evening.
I'd like to reserve a table at a nearby restaurant.
When would you like to dine? Which location would you prefer?
Let's set it up for 6:30 pm at Sakoon.
What location should I search?
It's located in Mountain View.
Let's make sure we have the details correct. We're booking you a table at Sakoon, in Mountain View. Your party of 2 will be dining at 6:30 pm today.
Actually, let's make it 7 pm.
Let's make sure we've got it right. Your reservation is for 7 pm, for a party of 2.
Let's make the restaurant Peacock's Koriander, on the 10th.
Let us know if the following details are correct: Your reservation is at Peacock's Koriander Indian Cuisine on March 10th.
That's right. What is their contact information?
We're sorry. I'm not able to reserve that day and time for you. Is there anything else we can help with?
That's it, thank you.
I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Can you find song's from Jason Aldean's ablum Night Train?
I found 1 song from Jason Aldean's Night Train album. The song is When She Says Baby.
What's its genre?
The genre is Country.
That's great.
Do you want to play the music now?
Sure.
Do you want me to play When She Says Baby on TV.
Please play it on the kitchen speaker.
Would you like me to play When She Says Baby on the kitchen speaker?
No. Please play it on the bedroom speaker.
Would you like me to play When She Says Baby on the bedroom speaker?
Yes, that's correct.
Started playing the song.
Thank you. That is all I need.
Have a good day.
I want to listen to some songs from the album Mint.
Do you want to listen to Why So Serious by Alice Merton, from her album Mint?
What is the genre?
It is a pop song.
That's good, please play the song.
So I'll play Why So Serious on the TV, okay?
Yes, pleas do.
The song has started playing.
Thanks, that's all I want for now.
Have a good day!
I would like to find some songs, the album Expectations would be a good place to find several good songs.
I can think of 6 songs you might find enjoyable. Do you think you would like Curious off the Expectations album by Hayley Kiyoko?
What musical category would you use to describe it?
I would classify it as a Pop song.
Let's try something else. Bebe Rexha plays songs I find enjoyable.
Okay there is one on the Expectations album from Bebe Rexha called I Got You. Would that be to your liking?
That one would be perfect, play it in my kitchen please so I can get dinner started.
Just to be sure you want to hear I Got You on the kitchen speaker. Right?
You got it.
The song has begun.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else you need?
No that will be all, thank you though.
Have a super day.
I am looking for some songs to listen to. Could you find pop songs that I can listen to?
Do you like the song Adorn by Miguel on the album Kaleidoscope Dream?
What other songs do you have? I really like songs by Shawn Mendes.
I found 7 songs that I think you might like. How about Aftertaste by Shawn Mendes from the album Handwritten?
What other songs do you have?
How about Bad Reputation by Shawn Mendes from the album Illuminate?
That is great.
Would you like me to play the music now for you?
Sure.
Please confirm that you would like me to play Bad Reputation on the TV.
No please play it on the kitchen speaker.
Please confirm that you would like Bad Reputation to be played on the kitchen speaker.
No I would like it to be played on the bedroom speaker.
Please confirm that you would like Bad Reputation to be played on the bedroom speaker.
Yes that is correct.
I have started playing the song.
Thank you for your time.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.
Your'e welcome, have a good day.
I'd like to find some music - I really like Metal.
Papa Roach's Born For Greatness from the album Crooked Teeth might be a good choice for you.
What other songs do you have? It doesn't need to be a specific album.
The song Cirice by Ghost from the album Meliora received a Grammy in 2016.
Do you have anything from the Soundtracks genre? I like Hiroyuki Sawano.
I found 1 song that fits what you're looking for: Perfect Time by Hiroyuki Sawano, from the album The Seven Deadly Sins Original Soundtrack. Does that sound good?
That works for me, can you play that?
Would you like to play the song Perfect Time from your TV?
Play it from my kitchen speaker instead.
You would like to play Perfect Time on your kitchen speaker?
Actually, play it in my bedroom instead.
You would like to play Perfect Time from your bedroom speaker?
Yeah, that sounds good.
The song will begin now.
Thank you, that's all I need for now.
Have a great day.
I'd like to listen to a song, it doesn't matter who sings it.
I've found 10 songs for you. How about High Horse by Kacey Musgraves from the album Golden Hour. Would you like to listen to it?
Please find a different song to listen to.
How about the song Carnivore by Starset off of the album Transmissions. Would you like to listen to it?
What genre is that song?
That song is a Rock song.
Good, I'd like to listen to that song. Please play it on the kitchen speaker.
Please verify the following details. You'd like to hear Carnivore on the kitchen speaker. Is that correct?
Yes, that is right.
I've started the song. Enjoy.
Thanks, that's all.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Hey, can you help me look for some songs?
There's a song called Yottabyte by Martin Garrix from the album The Martin Garrix Experience.
Can you tell me what kind of song it is?
It's from the House genre.
Do you have anything else? I'm an Alan Walker fan, and I also really like Pop Songs.
There are 2 songs you might enjoy. There's Alone by Alan Walker from the album Different World, how about that?
That sounds really good.
Would you like me to play the song?
Yeah, put the song on the kitchen speaker please.
You'd like me to play Alone on the kitchen speaker, is that right?
On second thought, no. Please play it on the bedroom speaker.
You'd like me to play Alone on the bedroom speaker, is that right?
Yeah, that is right.
The song has started.
Thanks so much.
Can I help you out with anything else?
No, thanks again.
Alright, have a good day.
Can you find me some songs like those of Dia Frampton?
How about Walk Away by Dia Frampton from the album Red?
Perfect, thank you!
Should I play it now?
Yes, that'll be great.
Please confirm: playing Walk Away on the TV.
Yes, that's great. What genre is it?
The song is playing. It's a Pop song.
Thank you very much!
Can I help you with anything else?
No, that'll be it.
Have a great day!
Can you find me some Pop songs to listen to?
There are 10 songs I found. Do you like Adorn by Miguel from the album Kaleidoscope Dream?
What are my other choices? Rihanna has songs I like.
You may like California King Bed by Rihanna from the album Loud which is one of 6 songs found.
Do you have anything from the album Unapologetic?
I found Pour It Up from the Unapologetic album by Rihanna. How does that sound?
That sounds perfect.
Would you like to hear the song now?
Yes.
I will be playing Pour It Up on TV for you if that is alright.
Please.
The song has begun.
You are the best. I don't need anything else at the moment.
Enjoy the music.
Will you find me some songs to listen to? I am open to anything you find.
How about A Little Bit Stronger by Sara Evans from the ablum, Stronger?
What type of music genre is it?
Country
Can you find some Pop songs?
I just found 10 songs, How about Adorn by Miguel from the Kaleidoscope Dream album?
That's great! Thank you!
Shall I play it now?
Yes , Play it on the kitchen device.
Are you wanting me to play Adorn on the kitchen speaker?
Ive changed my mind, Play it on my bedroom speaker.
To confirm, you are wanting me to play Adorn on your bedroom speaker.
Yes, Play it in the bedroom.
The song is starting.
Thankyou, This is all I need for now.
Have a good rest of your day.
i love Reggae music. Can you help me find some songs?
Have you listened to the Where We Come From album by Popcaan? I especially like the song Addicted.
Awesome, sounds good!
Should we listen to the music now?
Yes! We can play it on my phone or wherever.
Do you want to play Addicted on the TV?
No, please use the speaker in kitchen instead.
Do you want to play Addicted on the kitchen speaker?
Yes please.
The song is now playing.
Thanks a lot!
How else may I help you?
That's all. Thanks!
Have a good one!
I'm looking for help with some songs from Happiness Begins.
How about Sucker by Jonas Brothers on Happiness Begins?
What else?
I couldn't find another song matching your query. Can I help with something else?
How about a good song from Dangerous Woman.
There's Be Alright by Ariana Grande from Dangerous Woman.
What's the genre?
It's Pop.
Great, play is on my kitchen speaker.
Please confirm: Play Be Alright on kitchen speaker.
That's right.
Playing now.
Thank you.
Anything else I can help with?
No, thanks.
Have a nice day.
Can you find me some rock songs?
I found 10 songs. What about Are You Ready by Disturbed. It is from the album Evolution.
That's great.
Should I play the song now?
Sure.
I will play Are You Ready on TV. Is that correct?
No, play it on my kitchen speaker.
Playing Are You Ready on the kitchen speaker. Is that correct?
No, sorry. Play it on the bedroom speaker.
Playing Are You Ready on the bedroom speaker. Is that correct?
Yes.
The song has started playing.
Thanks.
Can I help you with something else?
No thanks.
Enjoy your music. Have a nice day.
Can you find me some songs in album Expectations?
There are 6 songs you may like in album Expectations, including Curious by Hayley Kiyoko.
What else is there?
What about I Got You by Bebe Rexha in Expectations?
Something else. Find another Hayley Kiyoko song. I like Pop songs.
I found 3 songs. What about Let It Be by Hayley Kiyoko in Expectations?
That will be good.
Shall I play the music now?
Yes. Play the speaker in kitchen
Shall I play Let It Be on the kitchen speaker?
No, actually. Play it from my bedroom speaker.
So, play Let It Be on bedroom speaker?
Yes, that's right.
Song is playing.
Great, thank you.
What else can I do for you?
Nothing. That is all.
Ok. Goodbye my master.
Can you find me some songs please. I enjoy pop songs.
I found 10 options. What about Adorn by Miguel from the album Kaleidoscope Dream?
That sounds good.
Would you like it to play now?
Yes, please play it.
Please confirm the play Adorn on the TV.
Actually, play is on the speaker in kitchen.
OK, please confirm to play Adorn in the kitchen speaker.
That is great.
The song is starting.
Thank you again.
Have a nice day.
I'm in the mood for some music. Can you find songs from the album Camila.
What about the song Consequences from the album Camila by Camila Cabello?
I'm not in the mood for that one, do you have a different song?
What about the song Real Friends from the album Camila by Camila Cabello?
What is the genre of the song?
Real Friends is a Pop song.
Sounds good.
Do you want to hear the song now?
Yes, I would love to.
You want to play Real Friends on your TV?
No, I would prefer to play it on my kitchen speaker.
You want to play Real Friends on your kitchen speaker?
Yes, that's right.
The song is now playing.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all. Thank you for your time.
Enjoy your music. Have a wonderful day.
Could you play a song off of the Heroes album?
How about Sabaton's Night Witches off of the Heroes album?
What genre is that song?
It is metal.
Great, thank you.
Should I play the song now?
Yes, please play it on my kitchen speaker?
Please confirm that you want me to play Night Witches on your kitchen speaker.
That is correct.
I have started playing the song.
Great, thank you.
Can I help you with something else?
No, thank you though.
Have a great rest of the day.
I'm in the mood for some music. Can you find me some Jon Pardi songs?
Sure, what about Head Over Boots by Jon Pardi off the California Sunrise album?
Let's try something else. Do you have anything by Our Last Night? I like Metalcore music.
Yes, I found 1 song you might like. I can play Same Old War by Our Last Night off the Oak Island album.
Okay great, let's play it.
Let's confirm the details: play Same Old War on the TV.
Yes, perfect.
Song is now playing.
Thanks!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks.
Have a great day!
I'm in the mood to listen to some music, can you find my some Pop songs?
What about Adorn from the album Kaleidoscope Dream by Miguel?
Do you have any other songs?
What about African Beauty form the album A Boy From Tandale by Diamond Platnumz?
Sounds perfect.
Would you like to play the song now?
Yes. I want it to play on the kitchen speaker.
You want to play African Beauty on the kitchen speaker, is that correct?
I want it to play on my bedroom speaker instead.
You want to play African Beauty on the bedroom speaker, is that correct?
Yes, that is what I want.
The song is now playing.
Thank you for your time, that was everything.
I am happy to help. Have a great day.
Can you search me some songs? There are many nice songs in the album All The Little Lights
We have 1 songs you may like. How about Let Her Go by Passenger in album All The Little Lights?
What about its genre?
Its a Pop song
Thats superb
Do you wanna play the music now?
Ofcourse sure. Play it on any available device.
Please confirm this : Playing Let Her Go on TV
No Play it on my kitchen speaker
Please confirm this : Playing Let Her Go on kitchen speaker
Yes thats perfect
Started playing the song on the kitchen speaker.
Thanks a lot
What else can I assist?
No Thats all. Thank you
Have a wonderful day ahead
Can you find me some songs by the Konshens's?
How about Bruk Off Yuh Back by Konshens? It's from the album It Feel Good
What kind of song is it?
It's a Reggae song.
What other ones do you have because I like reggae songs a lot and those from the album It Feel Good
I found 1 more song you might like. How about Turn Me On by the Konshens? It's from the album It Feel Good
Perfect, play it now on any device.
Should I play Turn Me On on the kitchen speaker?
Yes, that's fine
Starts song.
Thanks!
Anything else?
Nope
Have a good one.
I like Foster The People songs and can you look for some songs for me?
Do you have any opinion on Houdini by Foster The People in album Torches?
I am interested in Camila Cabello songs especially Pop songs. Do you have any other thing?
Do you have any opinion on Consequences by Camila Cabello in album Camila?
Any other thing you are having?
Do you have any opinion on Real Friends by Camila Cabello in album Camila?
That is cool
You like to start the music now?
yes, for sure
please give confirmation details: Play Real Friends on TV
No, Play the music on Kitchen Speaker
Please give confirmation details: Play Real FRiends on Kitchen Speaker
No, i want you to play it on speaker in the bedroom
Please give confirmation details: To play Real Friends on bedroom speaker
That is perfect
Started running the music
Thank you very much
Have a nice day
It is leisure time for me . I like to hear some Country songs.Could you find me?
I wish to help you.I found one song. It is A Little Bit Stronger by Sara Evans in album Stronger.Do you want?
Anything else? Actually I like Mitchell Tenpenny's songs.The album Telling All My Secrets have many good songs.
Yes.Would you like Drunk Me by Mitchell Tenpenny in album Telling All My Secrets?
That's nice to hear. I want to play the song.
Would you want to play Drunk Me on TV
Not in TV.Play the song on Kitchen speaker.
Do you want to play Drunk Me on Kitchen speaker?
Sorry, Not in Kitchen speaker.Play it on Bedroom speaker.
That's fine.Do you want to play Drunk Me on bedroom speaker?
Yes, you are right.
started playing the song.
Thank you for did what I need.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
I'm in the mood to listen to some music. Can you help me find some songs?
I found a song you might like. What about the song Girl Crush by Little Big Town from their album Pain Killer?
Anything else you can find?
Sure, what about Nights by Frank Ocean from his album Blonde?
Can you find any Courier songs?
Would you want to listen to San Francisco by Courier from The Present Tense album?
What kind of song is it?
It's a Pop song.
Cool, I wanna listen to that song. Please play it on the kitchen speaker.
Okay, so you want me to play the song San Francisco on the kitchen speaker, right?
No, please play it on my bedroom speaker.
Alright, I'm going to play San Francisco on the bedroom speaker. Is this okay?
Yup, that sounds good.
Okay, the songs playing now.
Great, thanks! That's all I needed.
Have a nice day!
Could you research music for me, perhaps rock songs?
What are your thoughts about Are You Ready in the album Evolution by Disturbed?
What other singer options do you have?
There are 9 songs that you may like. What are your thoughts on Be Somebody by Thousand Foot Krutch in their album, The End Is Where We Begin?
That's a good one, I want to play the song.
Please confirm that Be Somebody should be played on TV.
This is correct.
The song is now playing.
Thanks.
How else can I help?
That is all. Thank you.
Have a pleasant day.
I would like to find some Electropop songs on the album Pure Heroine.
What about Buzzcut Season by Lorde on the album Pure Heroine?
What else can you show me.
How about Team by Lorde on the album Pure Heroine?
That song is perfect. Please play that one.
Please confirm you wish to play Team on the TV.
No, please play it on the kitchen speaker.
Please confirm you wish to play Team on the kitchen speaker.
Yes, that is correct.
The song will begin to play.
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. That is all I need today.
Have a great day!
Hi. I am looking for some Pop songs. I like Frank Ocean's songs. Could you please find them for me.
Sure. I have 4 songs you may like. And what do you think about Ivy by Frank Ocean in album Blonde?
That's great. I love that.
Can I play the music for you now?
Of course. Please play it on kitchen device.
OK. I will play Ivy on kitchen speaker
yeah. That's great.
Yes, here you go.
Uhm. Thank you. This was all I looking for.
Thank you. Have a good day.
I want to listen to some music, can you find me some, preferably reggae?
How about Addicted by Popcaan, from the Where We Come From album?
What else is there? I also like country music.
How about All On Me by Devin Dawson, from the Dark Horse album?
That sounds great, please play that.
So I'll play All on Me on the TV, okay?
Yes, that's a good idea.
The song has started.
Thanks a lot.
Anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all for now, thanks.
Have a good day!
Can you find some country songs?
I found All On Me by Devin Dawson from the album Dark Horse.
Play song on kitchen device.
Please confirm: Playing All On Me on kitchen speaker.
Yes, thank you.
The song has started playing.
Thanks, that's all.
Have a great day.
I am looking for some songs. Can you look for songs in the album A Star Is Born Soundtrack.
How about Alibi by Bradley Cooper from the album A Star Is Born Soundtrack.
Anything else you can suggest?
How about Always Remember Us This Way by Lady Gaga from the album A Star is Born Soundtrack.
What else?
Maybe you'd like Before I Cry by Lady Gaga from the album A Star Is Born Soundtrack.
That one is great, I want to play it.
Please confirm that you want to play Before I Cry on TV.
Yes, play it.
Song is playing.
What is the genre.
Its genre is Soundtracks.
Thank you, that was all.
Have a nice day.
I'm looking for some songs.
I found 10 songs for you. How about I Want You by Taylor Parks on We Need To Talk.
Anything else? I like Jinjer, especially their King of Everything album.
There's Pisces by Jinjer on King of Everything.
What genre is that?
It's metal.
Great, play it now.
Please confirm: Play Pisces on tv.
That's right.
Playing now.
Thanks.
Anything else I can do?
No, thanks.
Have a nice day.
Would you help find me some songs? I really like Alan Walker's songs especially on the album Different World.
I have located 2 songs you may like. Would you wish to hear Alone by Alan Walker form the album Different World?
What other choices might there be? I really like Pop songs.
I located 1 song you may wish to hear. What about Darkside by Alan Walker from the album Different World?
Yes, I would like to hear that.
Is there anything else I can help with.
I would like to hear the song.
Please confirm: you wish to hear Darkside on TV?
Yes that is accurate.
The song will start playing now.
Thank You
Is there anything else I can help with?
No thank you thats all.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you find me some songs? Any album is fine.
I have found 10 songs you may like. How does A Little Bit Stronger by Sara Evans in the album Stronger sound?
That's great.
What else can I help with?
I want to play the song.
Should I play A Little Bit Stronger on the TV?
Yes, that's correct.
Started playing the song.
Thanks, that's all I need.
Have a good day.
I want to hear some Rock songs.
There are 10 available. Would you like to hear Are you Ready by Disturbed from the album Evolution?
Not really. Is that all there is?
Would you prefer Be Somebody by Thousand Foot Krutch from the album The End is Where We Begin?
That does not appeal to me. I am interested in just about any Country song.
I have found 10 sounds that might interest you. Would you like to listen to All on Me by Devin Dawson from the album Dark Horse?
Yes, that would be awesome.
Would you like to listen to it now?
Yes. I want to hear it on the kitchen speaker.
You would like to hear All on Me on the kitchen speaker?
No, I want to hear it on my bedroom speaker.
You would like to hear All on Me played on your bedroom speaker?
That right.
The music has started.
Great. That would be all.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Could you find me some songs to listen to? I like Jake Owen.
I found 1 song you might like. What do you think about Alone With You by Jake Owen off of his Barefoot Blue Jean Night?
What genre is it?
It's a country song.
Great. Play the song.
Can you confirm these details? Play Alone With You on TV.
Yes, that's right.
Started playing the song.
Thanks! That's all I need.
Have a good day.
I really like Metalcore songs. Could you look for some songs?
How about Adrenalize by In This Moment in the album Blood?
Do you need something else? I like songs by In This Moment. Any album should be good.
I have 5 songs that you should like. What about Big Bad Wolf by In This Moment in the album Black Widow?
That is good. I would like to play the song. Play it on the kitchen speaker.
Please confirm that you want to play Big Bad Wolf on kitchen speaker.
Yes, that is right.
I have started playing the song.
Thank you. That is all I wanted.
Have a great day.
Can you find me pop songs, I hear there are good ones in the album Vessel.
How about the songs Fake you out on Twenty One Pilots album Vessel?
Is there anything else? I do like Twenty One Pilots' songs
Maybe the song Truce? It's on the same Vessel album by Twenty One Pilots
That sounds cool
Want it played?
Yes, blaast it on the speaker in kitchen please.
So you want Truce played on the kitchen speaker?
Actually put it in the speaker in the bedroom.
So Truce on the bedroom speaker yeah?
Yup that's right
Playing it now
Thanks so much!
Anything else you need?
Nah we're good
Take care ok!
I need help finding some music.
How does Pretty Girl Team by Alkaline Trip off of their album Alkaline Masterpiece?
What type of music is this?
It's in the Reggae genre.
Nah, anything else? I really like the music on the album Covers.
How does Without Me by Alec Chambers off of the album Covers sound?
What genre is this?
It's considered Pop.
That sounds pretty good.
Want to give it a listen now?
Sure, sounds good.
Just to make sure, you want to hear Without Me on TV.
Actually, play it on my kitchen.
Okay. Just to make sure, you want me to play Without Me on the kitchen speaker.
You got it.
Your music has started! Enjoy!
Thanks, that'll do it for now.
Have a great rest of the day!
I'm looking for some Rock songs. I like the album Raise Vibration.
I found 1 song I think you'll like. What about Low by Lenny Kravitz on the album Raise Vibration.
Sounds good. Play the song on the kitchen speaker.
Please confirm: Play Low on the kitchen speaker.
Yes, that works.
Song has started playing.
Thanks so much.
Anything else I can help with?
No, that's all.
Have a great day.
I would like to listen to a Three Days Grace's rock song
Do you like Right Left Wrong by Three Days Grace in album Outsider?
It's good!
Play Right Left Wrong on TV: do you confirm?
No, play it on kitchen speaker
Play Right Left Wrong on kitchen speaker: do you confirm?
No, play it on my bedroom speaker, thanks
Right Left Wrong on bedroom speaker: it's correct?
Yes, it is
Started playing it
Thaks
Can I do anything else for you?
No, thanks
Have a nice day
Can you find me some Karolina Protsenko songs.
How about Despacito from the album My Dream by Karolina Protsenko?
Can you look up some Pop Songs?
I found 10 pop songs. Here is one, Adorn by Miguel from the album Kaleidoscope Dream.
Can I see the other options?
What about African Beauty from the album A Boy From Tandale by Diamond Platnumz?
Yes, let's play that song.
Play African Beauty on the TV?
No, play it on my kitchen.
Play African Beauty on the kitchen speaker?
No, play it on the bedroom speaker.
Play African beauty on the bedroom speaker?
Yes please.
Started playing African Beauty on the bedroom speaker.
Thank you , that is all I need.
Have a great day!
Can you help? I am trying to locate some songs.
Yes, be happy to. I have 10 songs to choose from. I recommend Take Me Away by Scotty Sire from the Ruin Your Party album.
That one sounds wonderful
Shall I play it now for you?
Yes, I'd like to hear that one
To confirm: you'd like to hear Take Me Away on the TV?
I'd rather hear it on my kitchen please
To confirm: You wish to hear Take Me Away on your kitchen speaker. Is this correct?
Yes it is, thank you. What's the genre of that song?
It is a Pop song. Your selection has started.
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can do?
No that will be all for now.
Have a great day.
I'm in the mood for some music, can you find me some good pop songs from The Bright Side album?
I found 1 song you may like. How about Blue Skies by Lenka - it's on The Bright Side album.
That sounds great.
Anything else I can help you with?
Please play the song on my kitchen device.
I'm ready to play Blue Skies on the kitchen speaker, okay?
Yes, please go ahead.
The song has started.
Thanks a lot, that's all I need for now.
Have a good day!
I want to explore some music.
I have 10 songs I can recommend. How would you like When She Says Baby by Jason Aldean from Night Train album?
What genre is it?
That would be country music.
Fantastic. Can you play it on the kitchen speaker?
So you want When She Says Baby played on the kitchen speaker?
No I rather like it on my bedroom speaker.
Can you confirm that you want When She Says Baby played on the bedroom speaker?
That would be right.
The song has begun playing.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else you want?
No, thanks.
Have a nice day!
I like Black Veil Brides's songs. Can you find me something to listen to
I found 1 song named Wake Up. It is on the album Vale by Black Veil Brides
Let me hear that one
So you want me play Wake Up on the TV?
That is correct.
I am playing the song now.
Awesome. Thanks for the help.
Can i help you with anything else?
No thanks
Enjoy your day.
Can you find me a Metal song?
What about Born For Greatness by Papa Roach from the album Crooked Teeth?
That sounds great. Play that song.
Let's confirm: Play Born For Greatness on the TV.
Yes, that's what I said, isn't it?
I am playing the song.
Okay, don't need you to tell me that.
Have a nice day.
Can you help me find some good Reggae songs?
I know 10 great reggae songs. Do you want to hear Addicted by Popcaan off of the Where We Come From album?
Do you have any Busy Signal music off of the Dolla Van Riddim album?
I got 1 song called Dolla Van by Busy Signal off of the Dolla Van Riddim album.
Okay, that's cool. Can you play in on my kitchen speaker?
You wan to hear Dolla Van on the kitchen speaker?
No my bad I meant to say play it on the speaker in the bedroom.
Are you sure you want to hear Dolla Van on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, I am sure.
Okay. The song is about to play on the bedroom speaker.
Cool. Thanks that's all I need.
No problem, see you later.
I need new music to listen to. Can you suggest any Pop songs?
I found 10 songs you might like. Interested in Miguel's Adorn from Kaleidoscope Dream?
Any other options? Lots of good music can be found in Jack Stauber's Pop Food.
I found 2 songs by Jack Stauber, one called Buttercup from Pop Food.
I love it!
You wanna jam out now?
Oh yeah! Play that funky music kitchen device!
Playing Buttercup on the kitchen speaker!
Nah, play it on the bedroom speaker.
Can you play buttercup on the bedroom speaker?
Sure I can!
The song is playing!
Thanks a lot!
Anything else, pal?
Nah, thanks bro.
Have a good one.
Hearing a song is a beautiful entertainment. It fills my mind with very good thoughts.Will you find me some songs?
There are 10 songs according to your interest. How about this song Singles You Up by Jordan Davis in album Home State? Whether you like it?
Tell me about its genre.
this song is a country song
ok that's great . that sound goods to me.
Whether i need to play the music now?
Yes , please play the music
Ok please check and confirm the following details: Play Singles You Up On TV.
Please change the device as Kitchen speaker
Ok once again confirm the following details: Play Singles you Up on Kitchen speaker
Ok That's great and play it now.
started playing the song
Thanks a lot for your help
Whether i need to find any other thing?
No. Thanks for your immense help
Take care have a great day
Can you please find some pop songs?
Do you like Adorn from the the album Kaleidoscope Dream by Miguel?
I actually like Lady Gaga's music better.
What about Bloody Mary from the album Born This Way by Lady Gaga?
I like that!
Do you want to hear the song now?
Yes please.
Confirm you want to play Bloody Mary on the TV.
Yes, please!
The song is now playing.
Thanks for your help!
Do you need further assistance?
No, that will be all.
See you soon!
I'm looking for some good songs in the Golden Hour album.
There are 4 good songs in the Golden Hour album by Kacey Musgraves. What do you think about the song Butterflies?
I enjoy listening to Kacey Musgraves's songs. Are there any other good songs on the album?
There are 3 more good songs in the Golden Hour album by Kacey Musgraves. What do you think about the song High Horse?
What other songs would you recommend?
Another good song is Slow Burn by Kacey Musgraves in the album Golden Hour.
What's the genre of this song?
The genre for the song is Country.
That's good to know.
Would you like to play the music now?
Yes, please.
Please confirm that you would like to play Slow Burn on the TV.
Yes, I would like to play Slow Burn on the TV.
Slow Burn is now playing on the TV.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm okay for now, thank you.
I hope you have a good day.
Please give me some song recommendations.
How about the song Shake Me Down by Cage The Elephant, in their Thank You Happy Birthday album?
Sound great, and I want to hear it. Please play the song.
Please confirm that you'd like to play the song Shake Me Down on TV.
That's right. What kind of song is it?
Now playing the song. The song's genre is Rock.
Thanks a lot.
Will you be requiring my help for anything else?
That will be all, thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you play some pop songs? I especially like Ciara.
I located 1 song for you. Would you like to listen to Ciara's Thinkin Bout You from the album Beauty Marks?
Perfect, thank you.
Should I play it now?
Yes, right now.
Play Thinkin Bout You on TV.
Actually I want to listen to it on the kitchen speaker.
Play Thinkin Bout You on kitchen speaker.
Never mind, I want it on the speaker in the bedroom.
Playing Thinkin Bout You on bedroom speaker.
That is right.
Song is playing.
Thanks very much.
Do you need anything else?
Not right now, thanks.
Then take care.
I need help finding some songs.
How about Reggae Music by Kabaka Pyramid of his Kontraband album?
Sounds good. Let's hear it.
Just to make sure, you want to listen to Reggae Music on TV.
You got it.
Your music has started.
What genre is this?
It's in the Reggae category.
Thanks, that'll be everything.
Enjoy your day!
I would like to find some songs from the album Covers.
There's 1 song from Covers that you might enjoy. What about Without Me by Alec Chambers?
What's its genre?
It's a Pop song.
Nice, Play it.
Are you sure you want to play Without Me on the TV?
Actually, play it on the kitchen speaker.
Are you sure you want to play Without Me on the kitchen speaker?
Yes, I'm sure.
The song has begun.
Thanks. That'll be it for now.
Have a good day.
Can you find some songs in the album Experiment? I enjoy Country songs a lot.
There are 3 songs you may enjoy. What about Homesick by Kane Brown in Experiment.
Do you have any other options or singers?
There are 2. Do you like Lose it by Kane Brown in Experiment?
What others do you have?
What about weekend by Kane Brown in Experiment?
I like that!
Should I play the music?
Yes, please do so.
Okay, will play Weekend on TV.
Sounds like a plan!
The song starts to play.
Thanks, that is perfect.
Have a nice day!
Can you find some songs from Marshmello? I like the genre House.
What about the song Blocks by Marshmello from the album Joytime?
That sounds good. Play the song on the kitchen speaker.
Please confirm: Playing Blocks on the kitchen speaker.
No, play it in my bedroom please.
Please confirm: Playing Blocks on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, that's right.
Playing song now.
Thank you. That's all.
Anything else I can do for you?
No, that's it.
Have a great day.
Could you find me some songs? I like Rihanna's songs, but any type of song works too.
What do you think about California King Bed by Rihanna, from her album Loud?
There are many good songs in Loud. Do you have anything else? I especially like Reggae songs.
How about Man Down, also from Rihanna's Loud album?
That's great.
Do you want me to play it now?
Sure, you can play it now.
Just to make sure, you want me to play Man Down through the TV.
Yes, that's right.
I have started to play the song.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you.
Have a good day.
Please play a song from the Frozen album.
Would you like to hear In Summer by Josh Gad from the Frozen album?
Yes, please play the song.
You want to hear In Summer on the TV. Is that correct?
Yes, please play the song.
Now playing your song.
Thank you, this is very helpful.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thank you. I'm good.
Have a nice day!
I'm looking for some Olly Murs songs, can you find me some?
I found 1 song from the album You Know I Know by Olly Murs called Moves, would you like that one?
What kind of song is it?
The genre is pop.
That sounds perfect.
Shall I play it now?
Yes, put in on the kitchen speaker
To be certain, you want me to play Moves on the kitchen speaker?
On second thought, play it on bedroom device my bedroom.
Okay, verifying that you want to play Moves on your bedroom speaker
That's right, play Moves in my bedroom
I will play the song now
Thanks so much
Is there anything else you need?
No, that will do it, thanks
You're welcome, have a good day
Can you find some Shenseea songs for me?
I have Time Up from Shenseea's album Big A Presents One Chance Riddim. Is that okay?
What genre is it?
Oh, that is Reggae.
Okay I like Reggae, that is fine.
Anything else I can help you with?
I want you to play the song. Please play it on my kitchen speakers.
Just to confirm, you would like me to play Time Up on your kitchen speaker?
Yes that's right.
I just started the song.
Thanks for your help, that's what I needed.
Have a wonderful day.
Find me songs similar to Tyler childers' songs
How about Tyler childers white house road from the album purgatory
That would do
Do you want to play it now
Sure, play it
Playing white house road on TV
Yes that is right
Started playing the song now
Thanks, that would be all.
Have a great day
Can you recommend me some song? I'd like Pop songs from any album.
How about Miguel's Adorn, in the album Kaleidoscope Dream?
Any other recommendations? I'm fine with any singer.
I have 9 recommendations for you. How about African Beauty by Diamond Platnumz? It's from the album A Boy From Tandale.
Sounds great. Please play the song on the speaker in kitchen.
So you'd like me to play African Beauty on kitchen speaker?
Yes, please.
The song has begun.
Thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks.
Have a nice day.
Could you find me some songs from the album Purgatory?
I have found 1 song you may like from the album Purgatory by Tyler Childers it is called White House Road.
What is the genre
It is a country song.
Awesome, Play the song.
Is this correct? Play White House Road on TV.
No, Play on the kitchen speaker instead.
Ok, is this correct? Play White House Road on kitchen speaker.
No. Play it on bedroom speaker.
Is this right? Play White House Road on bedroom speaker.
Yes, that's right
Started playing the song
Thank you, that is all.
Have a good day.
can you discover some music for me? I love Reggae music.
I discovered 10 music you may enjoy. What's your opinion about Addicted by Popcaan in the lbum Where We Come From?
Do you have other alternatives? I enjoy music by Sammielz. There's plenty of wonderful music in the album The Beginning.
I discovered 1 music you may enjoy. What's your opinion about Let Us Be by Sammielz in the album The Beginning?
That's wonderful.
Do you require assistance with anything else?
I'd like to cast the music on any available device.
Please verify the following information: cast Let Us Be on TV.
Yeah, that's perfect.
The music began casting.
Thank you; that's all.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
I'm way bored and want more music now. Can you find something like Popcaan?
There are 4 tracks which may match your interest. Would you like to play Addicted by Popcaan, from the album Where We Come From?
Anything else? I love Reggae.
I have found 3 songs which may match your interest. What do you think about Everything Nice by Popcaan, from the album Where We Come From?
Not really feeling it. What else do you have?
How about the track Silence by Popcaan, from the album Forever.
That sounds fantastic right now.
Would you like to play this track?
Yeah, play it on the kitchen speaker.
Please confirm the following informaiton: play Silence on kitchen speaker.
Yes, that is correct.
The track is playing now. Enjoy your music.
Thank you so much.
Of course. Is there anything else I may do to help you?
No, this song is amazing, Thank you.
Of course. Have a fantastic day.
Can you please find me Linkin Park songs?
I have found 5 songs by Linkin Park. How about Battle Symphony from the album One more Light?
What other options are there?
How about Linkin Park's Final Masquerade from the album The Hunting Party?
What other options are there?
How about Linkin Park's Good Goodbye from the Album One More Light?
That one.
Do you want to play this song now?
yes. Play it on the kitchen device.
please confirm the following request: play Good Goodbye on the kitchen speaker?
Yes. What is the genre of this song?
This song will begin playing. It is an Electropop song.
Thanks!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No I am all set.
Have a great rest of your day.
I am interested in some songs, I do like Pop songs especially and songs from Frank Ocean.
Would you be interested in Ivy from the Frank Ocean album Blonde?
That sounds great.
Shall I begin playing the song now?
Sure, play the song on the speaker in kitchen.
You want to play Ivy on the kitchen speaker, right?
On second thought, play the song on the bedroom device?
Understood, you want to play Ivy on the bedroom speaker instead.
Yeah, that is correct.
The song has begun playing.
Great, thanks for your help!
Anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you.
Have a good day, enjoy.
I want to listen to some songs.
I've found 10 you might like. The first is Jesus and Jack Daniels by Justin Moore from the album Late Nights and Longnecks.
What kind of music is that?
It's a Country song.
That sounds pretty good.
Should I play it now?
Yes, please. Go ahead.
Just to make sure, I'm going to play Jesus and Jack Daniels on the TV.
Can you play it on the kitchen speaker?
Okay. So, I will play Jesus and Jack Daniels on the kitchen speaker.
Wait, never mind. Please play it in my bedroom.
Sure. I'll play Jesus and Jack Daniels on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, that will work.
Okay. Playing the song now.
Thank you so much!
Is there anything else I can help with?
No. That will be all. Thanks!
Have a great day!
I need helping finding songs by Alan Menken.
I have Kingdom Dance by Alan Menken from the Enredados album.
What music genre is the song?
The song is in the soundtracks genre.
That works for me, can you play that song?
Would you like to hear Kingdom Dance on your TV?
No, can you please play it on the speaker in kitchen?
You want to hear Kingdom Dance on the kitchen speaker, correct?
Yes that is right.
Your song choice is not playing on the designated device.
Thank you so much.
Did you need help with anything else?
No that will be all today.
Okay, enjoy the rest of your day.
I'd like some music. Can you find some songs in album K?
Sure! From album K I'd recommend Worst Ends by Kozoria.
Anything else? Maybe something Pop? There should be a lot of great songs in album Expectations.
From Expectations I would recommend playing Curious by Hayley Kiyoko.
Yes, that's great. Please play it on the kitchen speaker.
Please confirm that you'd like me to play Curious on the kitchen speaker.
On second thought, better play it on the bedroom device.
OK. Please confirm that you'd like to play Curious on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, I confirm.
I've started playing.
Thanks a lot. That will be all.
Have a good one!
Can you find me some country songs? I like them very much.
I found 10 songs that might interest you. How about A Little Bit Stronger by Sara Evans which is in the album Stronger?
What else have you got?
How about All on Me by Devin Dawson which is in the album Dark Horse?
That's a great choice.
Do you wish the music to be played now?
Yes please. Play it on kitchen device.
You want me to play All on me on kitchen speaker; Shall I go ahead and play the song or you want me to change anything?
That is absolutely what i want. Go ahead and play the music.
Song is being played now. Enjoy the music.
Thank you. You are amazing.
Can I help you with anything else?
No. That will be all. Thank you.
Have a great day.
Hey, can you find me some music? I really like Electronica
Do you like the song Gold, from the Nick Murphy album Built on Glass?
Do you have anything else? I love the album The King of Limbs.
I found 1 you may enjoy. Do you like the song Lotus Flower, from the Radiohead album The King of Limbs?
I love it. Play it.
Just to confirm, you want me to play the song Lotus Flower on the TV?
Yes, thats it.
The song is now playing.
Thanks.
Can I help you in anything else?
No, thank you.
Have a good day.
I'd like to hear some Pop music.
Kaleidoscope Dream by Miguel has the lovely Adorn on it.
What about Singular Act I. Any good tunes on there?
Singular Act I? Yeah. At least 3. We have Almost Love by Sabrina Carpenter.
Keep going.
Singular Act I by Sabrina Carpenter, lets see. How about Paris?
Yeah. Play that on the speaker in kitchen.
Paris on kitchen speaker, right?
Check that. Make it the bedroom speaker.
Paris on the bedroom speaker?
Yes. Paris on the bedroom speaker.
Paris is playing in your bedroom.
Great, but what about the song? I mean, thanks.
Could I get you something else. Like a date?
No thanks, Wise Guy.
Enjoy yourself then.
Hi I need some new songs, specifically songs by The Chainsmokers.
What about Everybody Hates Me by The Chainsmokers from the album Sick Boy?
What genre is that?
The genre is Pop.
That's perfect.
Should I play the music now?
Yes, play the music in my kitchen.
I'm playing Everybody Hates Me on kitchen speaker, is that correct?
Yes that's perfect.
The song has started playing.
Thanks, that's everything I needed.
Have a pleasant day.
I am looking for songs on the album Home State.
I found 2 songs; Singles You Up by Jordan Davis on the album Home State.
What else is there?
Next is Take It From Me by Jordan Davis on Home State.
What is the genre?
It is a Country song.
That's it, please play it in my kitchen.
Playing Take it From Me on kitchen speaker.
Yes, that's great.
*Device plays song*
Great, thank you.
Anything else today?
That is all, thanks.
Have a nice day.
Could you please find me some music? I like Jack Stauber's songs as well as Pop songs.
How about the song Buttercup by Jack Stauber on the album Pop Food?
Perfect.
Would you like to play the music now?
Yes please. Play it on the kitchen speaker.
Please confirm the following: Play Buttercup by Jack Stauber on the kitchen speaker.
No. Please play it on my bedroom speaker.
Please confirm the following: Play Buttercup by Jack Stauber on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, that is correct.
Starting the song.
Thank you, that is all I need.
Have a good day.
Can you help me find some music by Shashi Lal Yadav?
Of course: How about Naya Naya Penhi Salwarba from the album No Line Signal Likhat Ba by Shashi Lal Yadav?
Okay, great - can you play the song?
So you'd like to play Naya Naya Penhi Salwarba on your TV?
Yeah - what kind of music is this classified as?
It's classified as Country.
Thanks, great.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all for now.
Have a great day.
I love Rock songs, could you find me some?
I found about 10 songs, what about Are You Ready by Disturbed in their album Evolution?
Do you have anything else?
Do you like Be Somebody by Thousand Foot Krutch in the album The End Is Where We Begin?
Great, I want to listen to it. Play the song on my kitchen.
Confirm the details please: play Be Somebody on kitchen speaker
No, play the song on my bedroom speaker.
Confirm the details please: play Be Somebody on bedroom speaker
Yes.
I've started playing the song for you.
Thank you, that's it.
Have an amazing day.
I like to listen to song like Disturbed, do you have any suggestions of others that are similar that I might like?
What are your thoughts on the song Are You Ready on the Evolution album by Disturbed?
I also like the artist Alec Benjamin and other Pop songs, do you have any other suggestions?
You may like Boy In the Bubble by Alec Benjamin on the album Narrated for You. If not, I have 7 other song suggestions.
Do you have any other suggestions? I've already heard those.
How about Gotta Be A Reason by Alec Benjamin which is also on the album Narrated for You?
I really like that one!
Would you like to listen to it?
Yes please!
To confirm, you would like to play the song Gotta Be a Reason on your TV?
Actually would you please play it on the speaker in kitchen?
To confirm, you would like to play the song Gotta Be a Reason on kitchen speaker?
Sorry, play it on the speaker in the bedroom.
To confirm, you would like to play the song Gotta Be A Reason on bedroom speaker?
Yes please!
The song has started to play.
Thanks!
Is there anything else I can help you with at this time?
That is all, thank you!
Okay, have a nice day.
I'd like a song from the Stars Dance album
There's 1 song called Love Will Remember by Selena Gomez from the Stars Dance album.
What genre is it?
Pop.
Perfect.
Shall I play this song?
Yes, please.
Please confirm the song: Love Will Remember on TV.
No, I'd like it on the kitchen device.
Please confirm the song: Love Will Remember on the Kitchen Speaker
Correct
Start playing
Thanks.
Is there anything else?
No
Have a wonderful day.
I really like Taylor Swift's songs, especially from her album Speak Now. Would you be able to help find me songs similar to those?
Have you heard, The Story Of Us by Taylor Swift? I found 1 song you may like that's from her Album, Speak Now.
That sounds like a great idea.
Shall we begin playing the music?
If that is what you would like, of course!
Is the play, The Story Of Us on TV right now?
Correct. What's the genre?
The song that started playing was a Pop song.
Thanks. I have everything I need.
I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Can you find me some music to listen to? I'm a big fan of Rihanna.
I found 7 different songs by Rihanna that you might like. How about California King Bed from the album Loud?
That's perfect, thanks.
Do you want to listen to it now?
Yes please, play it on the kitchen speaker.
Okay, please confirm that you want to listen to California King Bed on the kitchen speaker.
Yes, that's perfect thanks. What genre is it?
It's a pop song. It's playing now.
Thanks so much.
Is there anything else I can do?
No thank you, that's all.
Okay, see you.
Can you find me any Khalid songs?
I found 1 song: Better by Khalid on his album Free Spirit.
What is its genre?
It is a pop song.
I want you to play it.
To confirm:: You want me to play Better on your TV?
No, play it on the speaker in kitchen.
To confirm: You want me to play Better on the kitchen speaker?
Yes
I started plying the song.
Thank you. That's all.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I'm looking for some songs. Maybe Jon Pardi or anything Country.
I've got 2. How about Head over Boots from Jon Pardi from California Sunrise.
Sure. Play it.
To confirm: Playing Head Over Boots on TV.
That's right.Thank you.
Enjoy the song
I appreciate your help.
Will there be anything else?
No, that's it.
Take care now.
Will you find some good songs by Lady Gaga from A Star is Born Soundtrack?
How about Always Remember Us This Way by Lady Gaga from A Star is Born Soundtrack?
Great.
Should I play it now?
That would be great.
Playing Always Remember Us This Way on TV.
Cool. What's the genre?
It's a Soundtracks song.
Thanks.
Anything else?
No, that's all for now.
Have a nice day.
I would like to listen to music on the album Shatter Me.
Roundtable Rival by Lindsey Stirling is 1one of 2 songs found on the Shatter Me album.
Can you find the genre?
The genre is Pop.
Super.
May I play the song for you?
Yes, on the kitchen speaker.
I will be playing Roundtable Rival on the kitchen speaker if that is right?
That's right.
The music has begun.
You're the best help.
Enjoy the music and the rest of the day.
Hey, could you find me some songs? I'm thinking pop, stuff like that album, Assume Form.
Here are 2 songs you may like. As for Assume Form, would you like to listen to Barefoot In The Park by James Blake as well?
Thanks, that'll be great.
Would you like the music to play now?
Yep!
Now about to play, Barefoot In the Park on the TV, confirm to begin.
Yep, that's it.
Now playing.
Thank you.
Anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all, thanks tonnes.
Alright then, have a good day.
Would you find me some music?
I have compiled 10 songs you might enjoy. Does the song by Michael Ray called One That Got Away off the Amos sound interesting?
What category would that be in?
It is considered a Country type of song.
That's the one I want to hear on the speaker in kitchen.
You want me to cast One That Got Away to kitchen speaker. Is that right?
Absolutely.
The song is playing now.
Thanks much that will be all.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you find me Pop songs like the ones in Forbidden?
You may like 1 song I found. It's called Dem Beats by Todrick Hall from the album Forbidden.
Ok great.
You want me to play the song now?
Yes of course
You want me to put on Dem Beats on the TV, right?
Yes.
Here it is.
I appreciate that.
Anything else?
Not at all.
Take care.
I like Taylor Swift. Can you help me find some of her songs?
I found 1 song by Taylor Swift you might like. Would you like to try The Story Of Us from the album Speak now?
What genre is it?
It's a Pop song.
That's great.
Would you like to play the music now?
Sure. Play it on the kitchen speaker.
Playing: The Story Of Us on the kitchen speaker. Is that right?
Yes, that's right.
The song has started.
Good. Thank you.
Can I help you with anything else?
No. Thank you.
Have a good day.
I'm looking for Soundtracks to listen to. I really like the song on Purple Reign.
1 song you may enjoy is Wicked by Future on the album Purple Reign.
Yeah play that one.
Please confirm: Play Wicked on TV.
Actually play it on my kitchen device.
Please confirm: Play Wicked on kitchen speaker.
Confirmed.
Playing now.
Thanks, that's all.
Have a nice day.
Please find me some songs, i think Center Point Road has some good ones.
ok, i have Look what God gave her by Thomas Rhett form the album Center Point Road
That sounds good!
Should i play it now?
yes play on any device
ok, please confirm: playing Look what God gave her on TV
ok, correct. Whats the genre of it?
Playing the song. Its a Country genre
Thanks a lot
Any thing else?
No, thats it
Have a good day!
WOuld you find me some Shawn Mendes songs?
What do you think about Aftertaste by Shawn Mendes from the Handwritten album?
Do you have something else?
What about Bad Reputation by Shawn Mendes in Illuminate?
Is there something else? I like the songs in Handwritten.
I have 3 songs I think you'd like. What about Never Be Alone by Shawn Mendes in Handwritten?
What is the genre?
It's a pop song.
That sounds good. Play it on the speaker in kitchen.
Please confirm that I should play Never Be Alone on the kitchen speaker.
No, play it on my bedroom speaker.
Please confirm that I should play Never Be Alone on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, that is right.
I started playing it.
Thanks, that is all I was looking for.
Have a great day.
I'm looking for some songs, and I particularly like the Pop genre.
There are 10 songs you may like. What about Adorn by Miguel from the album Kaleidoscope Dream?
That sounds good.
Would you like to play the music now?
Sure, go ahead.
You would like to play the song Adorn on the TV, is that correct?
Yes, that's fine.
The song has started playing.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything I can help with?
No, that's it.
Have a nice day.
I love to hear songs which makes me relax and enthuastic. Will you find me some songs?
Whether you like song Cups by Anna Kendrick in album Pitch Perfect?
Ok , will you tell what's its genre?
fine , actually it is a Soundtracks song.
Whether any other songs do you have?
How about this song Generation Why by Conan Gray in album Sunset Season?
Ok that's good . sounds good to me.
Whether i need to play this song now?
Sure. Play it and use Kitchen device to play
Ok check and confirm the following details so that i will play, song name is Generation Why on Kitchen speaker
ok, that's good. What's its genre?
Song is playing now. Actually it is a Pop song.
Thanks a lot for your help
Whether i need to find any other thing?
No. Thanks , not now.
Take care have a great day
Could you find me some good songs in the album Halcyon by Ellie Goulding?
I found 1 song you might enjoy. Listen to Burn by Ellie Goulding from the album Halcyon.
What type of genre is the music?
The song is of the pop genre
Cool.
Do you want to listen to the recommended song?
Yes.
Please confirm: play Burn on TV
No. Please play it on my kitchen.
Please confirm: Play Burn on kitchen speaker
No. Please play it on bedroom speaker.
Please confirm: Play Burn on bedroom speaker.
Yes, thank you.
Started playing the song.
Thanks.
Can I help you with anything else?
No. Thanks.
You're welcome, have a good day as well.
Can you find me some music?
I sure can. Do you like Imagine Dragons? I think you'd like Radioactive, it's on the album Night Visions
No, I don't really like that one. Do you have anything else?
What about Justin Moore? The song Jesus and Jack Daniels is good, it's on the Late Nights and Longnecks album.
No, not that one. Anything else? Do you have something pop, like on the Halcyon Days album?
Okay I've found 2 Ellie Goulding songs. What do you think about Beating Heart? It's on the Halcyon Days album.
Yes, perfect! Can you stick that one on please?
Do you want me to play Beating Heart on the TV?
Can you put it on the speaker in kitchen instead?
Sure. Happy for me to play Beating Heart on the kitchen speaker?
Yes please!
I've put it on for you
Thank you! I don't need anything else
No problem, enjoy the song!
Could you find me some songs? There are many good ones in the album Battleground!
I think I just found 1 song you'd like. What do you think about Glad You Came by The Wanted in their album Battleground?
That is great!
Do you want to play it now?
Yeah, play it on the kitchen speaker!
Do you really want to play Glad You Came on kitchen speaker?
Yes! I want it to play on the kitchen speaker.
Playing the song.
Thank you very much.
What else can I help?
Nothing. Thank you.
Have a good day!
I'm wondering if you could find some songs for me. I like songs by Karolina Protsenko.
OK I found 3 possible options. How about Despacito from the My Dream album? It's by Karolina Protsenko.
Can you suggest something else?
Sure, how about Girls Like You by Karolina Protsenko? It's from her album called Fly.
Is there something else you can suggest? I'm a big fan of pop songs, and there are really a lot of good ones on the album Fly.
Another song I could suggest from the album Fly is Let Me Love You by Karolina Protsenko.
That's a good one.
Would you like to hear that right now?
OK, could you play it on my kitchen device.
Sure, confirming the following: starting Let Me Love You on your kitchen speaker.
That works for me.
The song has begun to play.
Perfect, I'm all set then.
Great, have a terrific day.
I'd like to listen to some music.
I found 10 songs for you. Would you like to listen to Sick Love by Red Hot Chili Peppers from the The Getaway album?
What other songs do you have?
What about The Champion by Carrie Underwood from the Cry Pretty album?
What else is there? I like El Alfa. I also like Latin music.
I found 1 song for you. What about Suave by El Alfa from the El Hombre album?
That's a good one.
Would you like me to play the song?
Yes.
Play Suave on your TV. Is this what you want?
Yes.
The song has started.
Thank you. That is all.
Have a nice day.
I'm looking for Frank Ocean songs.
I found 4 songs. There's Ivy by Frank Ocean from the album Blonde.
What's the genre?
It's pop.
Great, play it for me.
Please confirm: Play Ivy on tv.
Yes, play it.
Playing now.
Thanks, that's all I wanted.
Have a nice day.
I really like Jah Cure's songs, can you find me some reggae songs.
There is 1 song that I think you may like, it's called Before I Leave from Jah Cure album titled World Cry.
That song sounds great.
Would you like to play the music now?
Yes, play it on the speaker in kitchen over there.
Do you want me to play Before I leave on kitchen speaker
No. Can you play it on the bedroom speaker
Do you want me to play Before I leave on the bedroom speaker
Yes, that is correct
i just started playing the song
Thank you. That is all I need
Have a good day.
Can you help me find some songs?
I found 10 songs you may like. How about Team by Lorde from the album Pure Heroine?
What is the genre of the song?
It is an electropop song.
What other songs do you have?
There is the song The Lost Battalion by Sabaton from the album The Last Stand.
What is the genre?
It is a Metal song.
Are there any other songs?
Yes, what about Dark Necessities by the Red Hot Chili Peppers from the album The Getaway?
Yes, that's great!
Would you like me to play the song now?
Yes
Okay, would you like me to play Dark Necessities on the TV?
Yes, that is correct.
I have started playing the song.
What is the genre?
It is a pop song.
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thank you.
Have a great day.
Hey, I'd like to listen to some Pop songs.
Sure. How about Adorn by Miguel from his album Kaleidoscope Dream?
That's okay. Do you have anything else?
I also have African Beauty by Diamond Platnumz from their album A Boy From Tandale queued up.
Do you have anything else? I don't care which album.
Would you like Aftertaste by Shawn Mendes and his album Handwritten?
That sounds great. Yes.
Should I play it now?
Yes. Please play it in my kitchen.
Okay. So, I should play Aftertaste on the kitchen speaker.
Actually, no. Please play it on my bedroom device.
Okay. So, I'm going to play Aftertaste on the bedroom speaker.
Yeah, that would be perfect.
I started the song.
Thank you so much.
Is there anything else you need?
No. That's about it. Thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
I really like pop songs. Are there any that you can recommend for me?
How about Miguel's song Adorn, from his Kaleidoscope Dream album?
I like songs by Jack Stauber. Do you have anything by that artist?
What about Jack Stauber's song Buttercup, from his Pop Food album?
There are a lot of good songs on the Pop Food album. Do you have anything else like this?
Here is 1 song I think you will like. Oh Klahoma by Jack Stauber. Also from his Pop Food album.
This is excellent!
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Play this song on my kitchen speaker.
Please confirm. Would like me to play Oh Klahoma on your kitchen speaker?
Actually, let's play it on the Bedroom speaker.
Please confirm. Would you like me to play Oh Klahoma on your bedroom speaker?
Yes please play that song.
Song is playing.
Thanks you very much.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope that's it.
Enjoy your day!
Can you to help me find some good Rock songs?
Yes, I have found 10 rock songs you may like. Would you like to hear Are You Ready by Disturbed from their Evolution album?
I prefer Upchurch's songs. Do you have the album Creeker?
I have 1 song from the Creeker album by Upchurch, named Pond Creek Road, would you like to hear that one?
Yes, I would love for you to play that one.
Okay, just to make sure I am correct, you would like Pond Creek Road to play on the TV?
Yes, please and thank you.
That song will begin playing shortly
Great, that is all I needed to day. Thank you so much.
No problem, enjoy the rest of your day.
Could you please help me in finding some songs? There are some really good songs in album The Gaza Don.
Would you like to listen to Summer Time by Vybz Kartel from the album The Gaza Don?
What other options do you have? There are really good songs in album Expectations. I like Pop songs.
Are you interested in Curious by Hayley Kiyoko from album Expectations?
Are there any other options? I like songs by Hayley Kiyoko.
I have found 3 songs that you may like. Would you like to listen to Let it be by Hayley Kiyoko from album Expectations?
That would be really great. Can you play it on my kitchen?
So you want to listen Let it be on Kitchen speaker?
Yes. That is absolutely correct.
The song has started.
Thank you. That's all I needed at this moment.
Have a nice day.
Hi, can you help me find some songs by Blake Shelton?
Okay, I found 2 songs by Blake Shelton. What do you think about I Lived It in the album Texoma Shore?
That's great.
Do you want to listen now?
Yes I do.
Just to be sure, you want to listen to I Lived It on TV?
Yes, that's right.
Okay, playing now.
What's the genre of this song?
This is a Country song.
Thank you, I'm all set.
Have a good day.
Can you find me some songs? I like a lot of the songs in the album called El Hombre. My favourite songs are Latin songs.
I've found 1 song that you might like. Do you like Suave by El Alfa from the album El Hombre?
Perfect.
Would you like to play the music?
Yes. Play in on any device.
OK so you would like to play Suave on the kitchen speaker.
That's right.
The song has started playing.
Thanks, I don't need anything else.
Enjoy your day.
I'm searching for a song, maybe from the Oak Island album
There's 1 song called Same Old War by Our Last Night from the Oak Island album that you might like.
What genre?
metalcore
nice
Should I play the song now?
Yes, in my kitchen.
Please confirm your song choice: Same Old War, playing on the kitchen speaker
No I'd rather play it on the bedroom device
Confirmation of song details: Same Old War on the bedroom speaker
Correct
Song is now playing
Thanks for your help
Have a wonderful day.
find some music for me please.
OK, How about Bloody Mary by Lady GaGa off her Born This Way album?
I really enjoy pop like Sabrina Carpenter. Got anything like that?
How about Almost Love off Singular Act I album by Sabrina Carpenter?
No, give me more options please.
Ok, How about Paris by Sabrina Carpenter off the Singular Act I album?
That sounds good. play this on kitchen speaker please.
Sure, please confirm: play Paris on kitchen speaker. Does this sound right?
No wait. play this on speaker in the bedroom please.
Sure, please confirm: play Paris on bedroom speaker. Is this correct?
Yes that is right.
Music has started playing.
Thanks.
your welcome, will there be anything else?
No, that's it for now.
Ok, have a great day.
I am looking for Reggae songs and Iakopo 's songs.
How about Never Letting Go by Iakopo from the album Waves?
Okay. That sounds great.
Would you like me to play it now?
Yes. Play the music.
Please confirm: You want me to play Never Letting Go on TV.
Yes, That is right.
Song is playing. Enjoy the music.
Okay. Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. That will be all. Thank you.
I ma glad I could help. Have a great day.
Can you find me any Westlife songs?
I found 2 songs you may like. What do you think about Better Man by Westlife in the album, Spectrum?
That sounds great. Play the song on the kitchen device.
Please confirm these details: Play Better Man on the kitchen speaker.
No. Play the song on the bedroom speaker.
Please confirm these details: Play Better Man on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, that is correct.
Song has begun playing.
What is the song's genre?
It is a Pop song.
Thank you. That is all I need.
Have a good day.
I am going to have a party tonight and I love Karolina Protsenko. Can you find me some of their songs?
I have an album called My Dream. I was wondering if you had listened to Despacito by Karolina Protsenko and what you think about it?
I think that is wonderful. I want to play that song later on tonight at the party.
I wanted to make sure that you are going to play Despacito on the TV tonight
Yes I am, that is correct
The song has begun
Thank you for playing the song. That is all I need for now
I hope the rest of your party is good.
I would like you to find some songs, I would prefer Country songs.
Would you enjoy one by Devin Dawson? It is called All On Me from his Dark Horse album.
I am not worried about what album its from but give me some more choices please.
I pulled up 9 songs.Perhaps All The Girls Wanna Ride from the album Kuntry by Jawga Boyz would suit you.
Your right that one would be great.
Would you like to hear it now?
Certainly on the speaker in kitchen.
Just to be sure you want All The Girls Wanna Ride played on kitchen speaker, correct?
No I think I'd rather lay down so play it on the speaker in the bedroom instead.
You are requesting All The Girls Wanna Ride be played on bedroom speaker, is that right?
Exactly right.
The song has begun to play.
Thanks, I won't be needing anything else right now.
Have a joy filled day.
I likes Justin Bieber's songs especially from the album Purpose.
I have found one 1 named Sorry by Justin Bieber from the album Purpose.
What is the genre of the song?
Sorry by Justin Bieber from album Purpose is a Pop song.
I would like to play the song.
Can I play the song Sorry on TV?
Play the song Sorry by Justin Bieber on kitchen speaker
Can I play the song Sorry on kitchen Speaker.
Yes. Please play the song Sorry on kitchen speaker
The song Sorry has started playing on kitchen speaker.
Thank you. That is all I need.
Have a good day.
A good Pop song would really help to improve y mood today
I can play Adorn by Miguel from the album Kaleidoscope Dream for you.
Do you have something different for me? I'm a Shawn Mendes fan.
I can play for you Aftertaste from the album Handwritten by Shawn Mendes.
mmmm.... not my favorite, anything else?
From the album Illuminate, I have picked Bad Reputation by Shawn Mendes.
You've picked a great song, play it on speaker in kitchen.
Confirm the last action. You want to play the song bad reputation on the kitchen speaker
yes, it's what I'm waiting for.
I'll play it for you right away.
great!
Is there anything else you want me to do?
No, it's fine
bye bye!
I would like some help finding some music.
I can help with that. Would you like to hear Written in Sand by Old Dominion off of the Happy Endings album?
No. Do you have anything else?
How about Blue Skies by Lenka off of the The Bright Side album?
No, I don't want to hear that either. Do you have anything else?
Have you heard Let Me Love you by Ariana Grande of her Dangerous Woman album?
I'm not sure, what genre is it from?
The genre is Pop.
Okay. I would like to hear that song. Can you play it on any available device?
You want to hear Let Me Love You on your TV?
No. Can you play it on my kitchen speaker?
You want me to play Let Me Love You on the kitchen speaker, correct?
Yes please and thank you.
No problem, the song is beginning.
Great! Thanks for all your have. Bye
You are welcome. Bye.
I am looking for some songs to listen to. Could you find me some Shawn Mendes songs?
I found 7 songs. How about Aftertaste by Shawn Mendes in his album Handwritten?
What else do you have? Any Pop song is good.
I found 6 songs. How about Bad Reputation by Shawn Mendes in his album Illuminate?
What about any Jessie J's song in the album Who You Are?
I found 1 by Jessie J. It is Mamma Knows best in album Who You Are.
That sounds great.
Would you like me to play it now?
Yes and could you play it on the speaker in kitchen?
Yes. You want me to play Mamma Knows Best on kitchen speaker?
No, actually, play it in my bedroom.
Ok, you want me to play Mamma Knows Best on bedroom speaker?
Yes, that is correct.
Ok, the song is now playing.
Ok, that is all I need. Thank you!
My pleasure. Have a great day.
I like Metal songs, can you find me some?
I found 10 songs, how about Born For Greatness from Crooked Teeth by Papa Roach?
Perfect let's play that.
Please confirm Born For Greatness on TV.
Yes, that's what I want.
The song is starting.
Thank you very much.
Can I do anything else for you?
No that's all I need.
Have a great day.
Can you find me some Country music? I love it.
How do you rate A Little Bit Stronger in Stronger album by Sara Evans?
I would like you to search for something else.
Give me your opinion of Devin Dawson song All on Me in album Dark Horse
Can you find songs by Jimmie Allen for me?
I like Jimmie Allen song Best Shot from Mercury Lane album. How about you?
I like it.
I want to hear the music now.
There you go.
I have Best Shot playing on TV. Would you like to hear it?
That's the one.
Now playing,
Thanks. I need nothing else by now.
Talk to you later.
I'm looking for some good music. My favorites are Electropop songs.
What about Battle Symphony by Linkin Park? It's from their album, One More Light.
What other ones do you have? I like some songs by Lorde.
Do you like Buzzcut Season? It's from Lorde's album, Pure Heroine.
I don't care too much for that. Do you have anything else?
How about Supercut from the Lorde album, Melodrama?
Sounds perfect. I'd like to hear it. Let's play it on the kitchen speaker.
Just to confirm - you want to play Supercut on the kitchen speaker?
No, I think I'd rather hear it on the speaker in the bedroom.
Okay, you want to play Supercut on the bedroom speaker, right?
Right.
I've started playing the song.
Thanks. That's all I need right now.
Okay. Have a great day!
Can you find me some good reggae songs from the Forever album?
I found 2 you might enjoy. How abaout Silence by Popcaan from the Forever album?
That sounds good, play that on the kitchen speaker please.
You want me to play Silence on the kitchen speaker?
Yes.
The song is now playing.
Thanks, that's it.
Have a good day.
Hi, i need a help, I like listening songs, I like the song in album When Was The Last time by Darius Rucker
Sure, i will help you, I found 1 song for you, do you like If I Told you by darius Rucker in the album When Was The Last time?
Yes, I like that song, Please play it on speaker in kitchen
Please confirm the following details: play If I Told you on kitchen speaker
Yes, What's its genre?
It is a country song, Started playing the song in kitchen speaker, Shall i help with you anything else?
No, thank you very much for your help, That is all i need.
You are welcome, have a great day
I'm in the mood for some music. Could you please help me find some songs?
The search has yielded 10 songs that might interest you. How does Better by Khalid, in the Free Spirit album sound?
What type of song is it?
Its genre is Pop.
Do you have another suggestion?
Yes. Would you like to listen to the song Neon Gravestones by Twenty One Pilots in the album Trench?
No, please suggest something else. Tell you what, I really like Nick Murphy.'s songs, especially from the album Built on Glass.
Okay. I found Gold by Nick Murphy in the album Built On Glass. Would you like to listen to the song?
What's its category?
It falls under the Electronica category.
Sounds perfect. Please cast it on my kitchen device.
Okay. Please confirm that you want Gold played on the kitchen speaker.
No, sorry, let's make that my bedroom, so that I can listen while I make my bed.
No problem. Please confirm that you would like Gold cast on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, you got that right.
Now playing the song.
Great! Thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Have a great day
Can you find me a song?
What about Change Your Life by Iggy Azalea from the album The New Classic?
Do you have a song from the album Handwritten?
I found 4 songs, what do you think of Aftertaste by Shawn Mendes from the album Handwritten?
Can you look from the album Cuz I Love You?
Do you want to hear Tempo by Lizzo it's from the album Cuz I Love You.
What is the genre?
The genre of the song is Pop.
That is good, can you play it on the speaker in kitchen?
Confirm: Play Tempo on kitchen speaker.
No, in my bedroom instead please.
Play Tempo song on bedroom speaker.
That is correct.
Started playing the song.
Thank you, that is all I needed.
Have a good day.
I'm trying to find some Pop songs.
I have 10 songs you might like. One of them is Adorn by Miguel from the Kaleidoscope Dream album.
Can you tell me some others?
From the album A Boy From Tandale by Diamond Platnumz, I have the song African Beauty.
Anything else please?
How about the Shawn Mendes song Aftertaste from the album entitled Handwritten?
Sounds good, I'd like to hear that one.
Confirming that I'll be playing the song Aftertaste on the TV.
Sorry, make that the speaker in kitchen.
Confirming that I will play Aftertaste on the kitchen speaker.
Yes, great, thanks.
The song has begun.
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else today?
No, not right now.
Have a wonderful day.
I need some help finding music. I'm into Metalcore and I really the music off of the Black Widow album.
How about Big Bad Wolf by In This Moment off of their album Black Widow?
Is there anything else?
How does Sex Metal Barbie by In This Moment off of their Black Widow sound?
No, anything else?
Okay, how do you feel about Sick Like Me by In This Moment off of their album Black Widow?
That sounds awesome. Let's play it on the speaker in kitchen.
Just to make sure, you want to listen to Sick Like me on the kitchen speaker.
You got it.
Enjoy your song!
Thanks, that'll do it for now.
Have an excellent rest of the day!
I am trying to find some music to listen to. I really like Maty Noyes's music. Could you help me find some of his songs?
Sure, Maty Noyes has 1 song called New Friends in his album Love Songs From a Lolita. Would you like to hear it?
Yes, maybe. What is the genre of that song though?
This song is a Pop song. Will that work?
Yeah, that will be great! I'd like to hear it. Play it on my kitchen speaker.
OK, would you like to play New Friends on the kitchen speaker now?
No, actually play it on my bedroom device.
Alright, would you like to play New Friends on the bedroom speaker now?
Yes, that will be great.
Alright, the song should be playing now.
Thank you so much.
Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I need right now.
Ok, great! Enjoy the song!
Could you find me some songs that I will like. Country songs are my favourite, especially those by Kelsea Ballerini.
Here are 2 songs that you may want to listen to. How about we start with Miss Me More by Kelsea Ballerini from the album Unapologetically?
Thats great. Please play that on the kitchen speaker for me.
Just to confirm, you want to listen to Miss Me More on the kitchen speaker?
No, please play it on the bedroom speaker instead.
Can you confirm, Miss Me More on the bedroom speaker?
Yes, that would be great.
The song is now playing
Thanks, that's all
Have a good day.
I want to listen to some music off the album Assume Form.
There are 2 songs, one of them is James Blake's Barefoot In The Park off the album Assume Form.
Find something else. I like James Blake and Pop songs, in general.
How about 1 song from James Blake's album Assume Form called Mile High?
That's awesome! Thanks!
Want to listen to the music right now?
Yeah, put it on the kitchen speaker.
Just to make sure, you want to listen to Mile High on the kitchen speaker.
I changed my mind. Put it on the bedroom device.
Just to make sure, you want to listen to Mile High on the bedroom speaker.
You got it.
The song started.
Thanks a bunch.
Something else you want help with?
Nothing right now, thanks.
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Can you find me some songs? From any singer.
I found 10 songs. Would you like to hear California King Bed by from the album Loud by Rihanna?
What type of song is it.
It's a Pop song.
How about something else. Something from Dangerous Woman.
What about Be Alright by Ariana Grande from Dangerous Woman?
What kind of song is it?
It's another Pop song.
Perfect. Play it on any available device.
Okay, shall I play Be Alright on the TV?
No, make it the kitchen speaker instead.
To verify: You would like to hear Be Alright on the kitchen speaker.
Yes, that's right.
The song will start now.
Thanks! That's all I need for now.
Have a great day.
Find me some songs from album Telling All My Secrets
Found 1 song for you is called Drunk Me by Mitchell Tenpenny from album Telling All My Secrets
And the genre is?
It's a song of the category Country
Sounds great I like
Would you like to play it now?
Yes i would love that
Play Drunk Me on Tv ,is that correct?
Yes I confirm
Playng the song is started
Thank you very much!
Can I help you with anything else?
No.It is enough
Have a great day!
Could you find me some songs? I'd like Pop songs.
I found 10 songs you might like. What do you think about Adorn by Miguel from the album Kaleidoscope Dream?
What else did you find?
What do you think about African Beauty by Diamond Platnumz, from the album A Boy From Tandale?
What else do you have? There are a lot of good songs from the album The New Classic. I like Iggy Azalea 's songs.
I found 4 songs you might like. What do you say about Black Widow by Iggy Azalea, from the album The NEw Classic?
Sounds good.
Do you want me to play the music?
Sure thing.
Please, confirm the following details: play Black Widow on TV.
No, play it on my kitchen instead.
Please, confirm the following details: play Black Widow on the kitchen speaker.
Yup, that's correct.
Started playing the song.
Thanks a lot.
Can I help ypu with anything else?
Nope, thanks
Have a good one!
Can you find a song on the V album?
I found 1 song for you, Lost Stars by Adam Levine on V.
What genre is that?
It's pop.
Great, play it now.
Please confirm: Play Lost Stars on tv.
That's right.
Playing now.
Thanks, that's all I need.
Have a nice day.
I am a fan of Tyler Shaw and would like to hear one of his songs.
I found 1 option. Do you want to hear With You by Tyler Shaw in his album, Intuition?
Yes, I do.
Shall I play the music now?
Yes.
Are you sure you want to hear With You via the TV.
Yes, that's right.
The song is now playing.
What genre of music is this?
It is in the Pop genre.
Thank you, goodbye!
Have a great day!
Find me some pop songs.
Do you like Adorn by Miguel is the album Kaleidoscope Dream?
There are many good songs in the album Climate Change. Do you have anything by Pitbull?
There's 1 sing called Options by Pitbull from the album Climate Change.
That's a good one. Play it on the speaker in kitchen.
Shall I play the song Options on the kitchen speaker?
Hold on. Play it on my bedroom speaker.
No problem. So, you want to play Options on your bedroom speaker, right?
That's right.
The song Options is playing now.
Thank you very much.
Anything else for me?
No. I'm good. Thank you.
Have a great day!
Can you find a song from the album Expectations?
There is 6 songs, do you want to hear Curious by Hayley Kiyoko from the album Expectations?
A pop song by Hayley Kiyoko.
There is 3 songs, there is let it be by Hayley Kiyoko from Expectations?
Yes, play the song in my kitchen.
You want Let it be to play on the kitchen speaker.
No, play it in the bedroom speaker instead.
Let it be to play in the bedroom speaker.
Yes, that is correct.
Stared playing the song.
Thank you, that is all I need.
Have a good day.
I would enjoy listening to Pop songs at the moment, so can you help me find some songs?
How would you consider listening to Adorn by Miguel from the album Kaleidoscope Dream.
Is there some other option? I really enjoy the Classical songs.
How would you like listening to Cocaine March by Nico Cartosio from the Melting album?
Is there some other song I can listen to? I know that there are many nice songs in the Limitless album. For example I enjoy The Piano Guys songs.
Would you enjoy listening to Epiphany by The Piano Guys from the Limitless album?
That seems right. I would like to listen to this song now.
Can you please confirm that you want to listen to Epiphany on TV?
Actually no, because I would like for the song to be playing on kitchen speaker.
Can you confirm once again that you want to listen to the song Epiphany being played on kitchen speaker.
No that's not right because I want the song to be played in my bedroom.
Can you confirm that you want to listen to Epiphany on your bedroom speaker?
That seems right.
The song started playing.
I appreciate it.
Is there something else I can help you with?
Nothing. I am thankful.
Have a good time!
I would really love to listen to some good music.
There are 10 songs I can play for you. What do you say about Slow Burn by Kacey Musgraves from the album Golden Hour?
What kind of music is this?
It's Country.
I like it then.
Can I play it now?
Yes please and do it on the speaker in kitchen.
Confirm me your demand. You want to play the song Slow Burn on kitchen speaker.
No, it's not right. You have to play it on the bedroom device.
Okay, read and give me your input about it. You want to listen to the song Slow Burn on the bedroom speaker
Yes, I confirm you the operation.
I'll start it for you.
Thank you, you can let me listen to the song peacefully. Bye.
Enjoy it. Bye.
Can you find me some songs. I like the Jonas Brothers's album Happiness Begins.
I've got 1 song for you. It's Sucker by The Jonas Brothers from Happiness Begins.
Thanks, that's good.
Shall I play?
Yeah, play it anywhere.
Sure, please confirm: play Sucker on TV.
Yes. What's the genre?
Started playing Sucker. It's pop.
Thanks, that's it.
Have a great day.
Could you find me some songs like Jason Aldean?
I found 6 songs. What do you think about Dirt Road Anthem by Jason Aldean in album My Kinda Party?
What do you have else like Halsey songs?
What do you think about Colors by Halsey in album Badlands?
What else do you have?
What do you think about Control by Halsey in the album Badlands?
What's the genre?
It's an electropop song.
That's great. Can you play the song on my speaker in kitchen.
To confirm, I will play Control on the kitchen speaker.
Yes, that's correct.
The song has started playing.
Thank you.
What else can I help you with?
No. Thank you.
Have a good day.
I want to hear some songs.
I found 10. How about Blocks in the album Joytime by Marshmello.
What kind of music is it?
The genre is House.
Do you have others?
How about Low by Lenny Kravitz from Raise Vibration?
Do you have songs from the album Joytime?
I found 4. From Joytime, I have Find Me by Marshmello.
I like that song.
Do you want to hear it now?
Cast it on the speaker in kitchen.
Confirm Find Me on Kitchen speaker.
I confirm this song.
The song is starting now.
Thanks that is all.
Have a great day.
Hey, could you help me find some sons similar to music by Rebelution? I especially like their album Count Me In.
I have 1 idea I think you'll definitely like. How about Roots Reggae Music by Rebelution? Actually that song is even from the album Count Me In.
Sounds interesting. What's the genre, anyway?
The song's genre is Reggae.
Sounds perfect! Can you go ahead and play the song on my kitchen speaker?
You want to listen to Roots Reggae Music on the Kitchen Speaker, right?
Yep, exactly.
Okay I'm playing it now!
Thanks for the help.
Anything else that I can do?
No, that's all, thanks!
Okay have a good day then.
Can you find me some punk songs?
Sure, what about Get Lucky from Daft Punk 's album Random Access Memories?
That is fine.
Shall I play it now?
Yes, on the kitchen speaker, please.
Confirm play Get Lucky on kitchen speaker.
Actually, please play it in my bedroom.
OK, confirming to play Get Lucky on the bedroom speaker.
yes, that's great.
Playing the song now.
Thank you for that.
Have a nice day.
I would like you to find me some Dubstep songs.
What is your opinion about the song Free Fall in the Awake album by Illenium?
Are there any other things that you have?
What is your opinion of the song in the album Welcome Reality titled Promises that is sung by Nero?
Do you have any Pop songs that I really like?
What is your opinion about the song by Miguel in the album Kaleidoscope Dream titled Adorn?
I would love you to play that song.
Verify the details: On TV, play Adorn
You are correct.
The song started to play.
I have everything that I need, thank you.
I hope you have a good day.
find me a song in the album beauty marks
i found 1 song thinkin bout you by ciara in the album beauty marks
what genre
pop
play it on the speaker in kitchen
should i play thinkin bout you on kitchen speaker
no my bedroom speaker
should i play thinkin bout you on bedroom speaker
yes
now playing
okay
what else do you need ?
nothing
alright
Can you help me choose some songs from the album Burlesque Original Motion Picture Soundtrack?
Of course. There are 3 very good choices. Would you like to hear Express by Christina Aguilera from Burlesque Original Motion Picture Soundtrack?
What is the genre of that particular song?
Express by Christina Aguilera is a Soundtracks song.
What are some other choices?
Would you consider Show Me How You Burlesque by Christina Aguilera from Burlesque Original Motion Picture Soundtrack
No, I don't think so. Could you check for songs on the album Witness?
Yes. Katy Perry has Hey Hey Hey on Witness. Would you like me to play that song?
Do you know the genre of Hey Hey Hey ?
Hey Hey Hey by Katy Perry is a Pop song.
That sounds like a good one.
Would you like me to play Hey Hey Hey by Katy Perry?
Yes please I would like that very much.
To confirm: you wish to hear Hey Hey Hey by Katy Perry on TV?
That is accurate
The song has begun.
Thank You for your help.
Have a lovely day.
Could you find some good tunes to play.
I found 10. How about Dustin Lynch. Small Town Boy off Current mood is a good one.
What else do you suggest.
I like Muse Box by Madilyn Bailey. Titanium is good tune from that album.
How about some Reggae.
I see 10 of those. How about Addicted from Where We Come From by Popcaan?
Yeah. Give it a spin.
I'll play Addicted on your TV as soon as you confirm.
Negative. Play it on the kitchen device instead.
Addicted on the kitchen speaker?
You got it.
Addicted is playing on the kitchen speaker.
I hear it. Thanks.
You have another job for me?
No, just relax.
You too. Speak soon.
Please play some songs from the album So Good.
I found 1 song you might like: I Would Like by Zara Larsson in the album So Good.
What's the genre of the song?
It's a Pop song.
That's great. Please play it in my kitchen.
Please confirm that you would like to play I Would Like on the kitchen speaker.
No. Please play it on the bedroom speaker.
Please confirm that you would like the song I Would Like on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, that's correct.
I am playing the song.
Thank you. That's all I need.
Have a good day.
Could you help me find some pop songs? I really like James Blake's music
I found 2 songs you might like. How about Barefoot In The Park by James Blake, from the album Assume Form?
That's great!
Do you want me to play it for you now?
Sure
Please confirm the following details: play the song Barefoot In the Park on TV
Yes, that's right.
Starting song now.
Thank you.
What else can I help with?
Nothing, thank you.
Have a good day.
Can you find me some songs? I really like Pop.
How about Adorn by Miguel? Its on the album Kaleidoscope Dream.
What else do you have?
How about African Beauty by Diamond Platnumz's A Boy From Tandale Album.
What else do you have?
I have Aftertaste by Shawn Mendes. From the Handwritten Album
That is great.
You want me to play it now?
Ok, that is good.
Ok, you want me to play Aftertaste on the TV
No PLay it on the kitchen device.
Ok, would you like me to pay Aftertaste on the kitchen speaker?
Yes, thats right
Playing the Song
Thank you. That's it.
Have a good day.
I need helping finding some music.
There's 10 songs you might like. How about Curious by Hayley Kiyoko off her Expectations album?
Sounds pretty good.
Want to listen now?
Sure, why not.
Just to make sure, you want to hear Curious on TV.
You got it. What type of music is this?
Your Pop song has started!
Thanks a lot.
Anything else I can help you with?
Not right now, thanks.
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Can you find me some great songs on the Cloud Nine album?
Do you like the song Carry Me by Kygo on the Cloud Nine album?
I do like Kygo songs so what else do you have by them?
Search turned up 1 song with your preferences. Do you like Raging by Kygo on the Cloud Nine album?
What genre is it?
The genre is Downtempo.
That works for me. Please play the song.
You want to play the song Raging on the TV. Is that right?
No, I want it on the kitchen speaker.
You want to play the song Raging on the kitchen speaker. Is that right?
Yes, that is right.
Your song has started.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need anything else?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
Can you find me a couple of songs? There a good songs in the album Spectrum.
I have found 2 songs. How about the Better Man by Westlife in the album Spectrum?
What is the genre?
A Pop song.
Great. I would like to play that song
Please confirm the following: play the song Better Man on the TV
Yes, that is right.
I have started to play the song.
Thank you very much.
Can I help with anything else?
No, thank you.
Have a great day.
I want to hear some music, maybe from the album Superman?
Would you like to hear the song One Day on the album Superman? It is by Arash.
Sure. That sounds great.
Do you want to hear the music now?
Yes, please.
Please confirm the following: play One Day from the album Superman on the TV.
Yes, that's what I want.
Begin playing the song.
Thanks, that's all I needed.
Enjoy the music.
Will you find me Pop songs?
How about Adorn by Miguel from album Kaleidoscope Dream?
Anything else? Jai Waetford's songs from the album Heart Miles?
I found 1 song. Do you like Shy by Jai Waetford from the album Heart Miles?
Sounds good. Please play the song on kitchen speaker.
I am going to play Shy on kitchen speaker.
That's right.
Song is starting.
Thanks, that's it.
Have a great day.
Find me some songs like Rock songs
We got you 10 songs. How about Are You Ready by Disturbed in the album Evolution?
That's perfect. Please play the song.
Please confirm this: play Are You Ready on TV
I want to play it on kitchen speaker.
Please confirm this: play Are You Ready on kitchen speaker
That's good
Song started playing
Thanks a lot
Do you need anything else?
No. Its all good
Have a nice day
I want to sit back, relax, and listen to music on my day off. I like a lot of the songs on the album Bu Muhabbat, especially the songs by Shahzoda.
The 1 song I was able to find matching that criteria is titled Chicco by Shahzoda from the album Bu Muhabbat. Does that sound like something you would like to hear?
What genre is that song classified as?
It is considered to be a pop song.
That sound like my kind of music.
Would you like me to play that song for you now?
Please, play it on the speaker in kitchen.
Now playing Chicco on the kitchen speaker.
No I'm sorry, I'm going to lay down for a bit. Would you mind playing it on the speaker in the bedroom instead?
Not a problem. To summarize you want Chicco to play on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, please.
I will begin playing the song now.
Thank you, it's greatly appreciated.
Can I do anything else for you at the moment?
No, that will be all but thanks for asking.
It was my pleasure, have a good day.
Hello, Wassup! I wish to listen to some good songs by the Canadian singer Carly Rae Jepsen, probably from his recent album Dedicated that was released on May 17, 2019. Please can you search for some good one to listen? Any songs would be fine from his album.
Please give me a moment... I will look for the best song from the album Dedicated by Carly Rae Jepsen for you... Hey! I found a very nice song for you.. Did you like to listen to Now That I Found You?
Yup! Awesome... Just play the song ... Awaiting to hear the song.
Sure. Please confirm the details that you wish to hear to Now That I Found You in your portable device TV, right?
Yup! It makes sense.
The song is streaming in the TV.
Thanks for your time.
Do you need anything else?
Nope, done with.
Have a wonderful day.
Could you help me look for some songs? I love Agnes Obel.
How about Riverside by Agnes obel from her album Philharmonics?
Awesome. Please play the song on the speaker in kitchen.
Ok. Please confirm that you want to play Riverside on kitchen speaker
No, I guess play it on bedroom device my bedroom instead.
Confirm that you want to play Riverside on bedroom speaker please
Sure. That is right.
I will start playing the song.
Thanks
Do you need anything else?
No. I am all good. Thanks
Ok. Have a wonderful day!
I am in the mood to listen to Jon Bellion.
Would you like to hear Stupid Deep by Jon Bellion for them album Glory Sound Prep?
Yes, that is an excellent choice.
I would like to confirm the following: playing Stupid Deep on TV
No, I want to hear it in my kitchen.
I would like to confirm the following: playing Stupid Deep on the kitchen speaker.
That is fine. What is the musical genre?
Playing a Pop tune.
I appreciate that. That would be all.
Enjoy your day.
Can you find me some songs by Sia?
I found 5 songs you may like. How about Alive by Sia from the album This is Acting?
Do you have any Pop songs?
I found 4 songs. How about Bird Set Free by Sia from the album This is Acting?
Yeah, play that one. In my kitchen, please.
You want me to play Bird Set Free on the kitchen speaker?
No, actually, play it in my bedroom.
So play Bird Set Free on the bedroom speaker?
Yes, that's right.
Okay, I'm playing it now.
Thanks. That's all I need.
Have a nice day.
Could you find me some Pop songs to listen to?
How do you like the song Adorn by Miguel on his album Kaleidoscope Dream?
Awesome!
Do you want to hear some music?
Yes, you can play it on the kitchen device.
Can you confirm that you wanted to play Adorn on the kitchen speaker?
No thanks, I would like to hear it on the bedroom speaker.
Can you confirm that you wanted to play Adorn on the bedroom speaker?
Yes, that is correct, thanks.
I will now start the music.
Thanks!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks.
Ok, have a wonderful day!
Can you find me some songs by Twenty One Pilots?
Do you like Fake You Out from the Twenty One Pilots album Vessel?
What other songs are there?
I found Neon Gravestones from the Twenty One Pilots album Trench.
What other songs are available? I like Inna's album Party Never Ends.
Do you like In Your Eyes from Inna's album Party Never Ends?
Yes, please play it in my kitchen.
Please confirm you want to hear In Your Eyes on the kitchen speaker.
That is correct. Which genre is it?
Now playing this pop song.
Thank you, that will be all.
See you soon!
Can you find a Country song?
I have found 10 songs. Would you like me to play A Little Bit Stronger by Sara Evans from her album Stronger?
No. Can you play something else?
Would you like me to play All on Me by Devin Dawson in the album Dark Horse?
Yes. That would be great!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can you play the song on the speaker in kitchen?
Am I correct that you want me to play All On Me on the kitchen speaker?
Yes you are correct.
I have started playing the song.
Thank you. I do not need anything else.
Have a good day!
I'm in the mood for some music. Find me any song to listen to.
How about A Little Bit Stronger from the album Stronger by Sara Evans?
Sounds great. I love Sara Evans.
Would you like to start the music now?
Yes. Please play now.
You want to play A Little Bit Stronger on your TV?
No. I would like to play it on the speaker in kitchen.
You want to play A Little Bit Stronger on your kitchen speaker?
Yes, that's right.
Song playing.
Thank You very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. That is all for now. Thank you.
Have a great day.
I feel like listening to some music. Could you find me something by Ben Platt?
How does the Ben Platt song Bad Habit, from his album Sing To Me Instead, sound?
Are any other songs available? The singer doesn't matter, but I'd like for the genre to be Electropop.
How about the Linkin Park song Battle Symphony, from their album One More Light?
Sounds great to me. I'd like to play that song on the kitchen speaker.
Can you confirm the following for me? Play Battle Symphony on the kitchen speaker.
No. You should instead play it on my bedroom speaker.
Can you make sure these details are correct? Play Battle Symphony on your bedroom speaker.
That's correct!
I will start playing the song right now.
Many thanks. That's all I need from you.
Enjoy your day!
Can you search some nice songs especially country songs for me?
Yes, how about All On Me by Devin Dawson in the album Dark Horse, which I think the nice one?
May be, but I want to hear some Pop songs and Bebe Rexha 's songs are the nice one which I like very much, can you search the one for me?
Found 2 results which suit to you and one is I Got You by Bebe Rexha in album Expectations.
please search some other songs in the same album Expectations.
Okay, what bout Knees by Bebe Rexha in Expectations album.
That's the one I want, can you play it now?
Yes, please confirm to play Knees on TV.
No, I want to listen it from my Kitchen so please play it in my kitchen speaker.
Please confirm to play Knees on Kitchen speaker.
Sorry, changed my plan, play it on bedroom device.
Okay, please confirm to play Knees on bedroom speaker.
Yes, that is fine, continue.
Song started playing, enjoy your music.
Thanks a lot.
Anything else you need?
Not, that's all.
Have a great day.
I need you to locate me some songs.
Search revealed 10 songs. Do you like the song Shy by Jai Waetford on the Heart Miles album?
What type of music is it?
The genre is Pop.
What other search results do you have?
Do you like the song Still Got Time by Zayn Malik on the Icarus Falls album?
What type of song is it?
The genre is Pop.
That will work.
Shall I start the song now?
Yes, cast it on the kitchen speaker.
You want me to cast the song Still Got Time to the kitchen speaker. Is that right?
No, cast it to the bedroom speaker.
You want me to cast the song Still Got Time to the bedroom speaker. Is that right?
Yes, that is right.
Your song has started.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need anything else?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
Could you recommend some Country songs?
How about the song A Little Bit Stronger by Sara Evans from the album Stronger?
That sounds good, I'd like to listen to that.
Okay, so you would like to play A Little Bit Stronger on your TV?
Yeah, do that please.
Song has started playing.
Great, thanks.
Is there anything else I can do?
No, thanks, that's everything.
Okay, have a nice day.
Can you recommend any songs from the album After The Landslide?
Do you like Open Up from After the Landslide, by Matt Simons?
What kind of song is it?
The song is pop.
I think I might like the song.
Do you want to hear it?
Yes, I want to hear the song.
Just confirm you want to play Open Up on the TV.
Actually, can you play it on the kitchen speaker?
So we are playing Open Up on the kitchen speaker?
Yes, please!
Now playing the chosen song.
Thanks, that is what I want.
See you later!
Can you look for some music? I really enjoy Pop music.
What's your opinion about Adorn by Miguel in the album Kaleidoscope Dream?
that's wonderful.
Would you like to cat the song now?
Alright.
Please verify the following information: cast Adorn on TV.
Nope, cast it on speaker in kitchen.
Please verify the following information: cast adorn on Kitchen Speaker.
Nope, cast it on my bedroom.
Please verify the following information: cast Adorn on bedroom speaker.
Yeah, that's right.
The music began casting.
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can assist with?
Nope, thank you for your assistance.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
My Everything has some good songs, can you find me some in that album?
What about Be My Baby by Ariana Grande? It's in her album My Everything.
You got anything else? What about songs in the album Sick Boy? I like Pop.
I found 5 new songs, what about Everybody Hates Me by the Chainsmokers? It's in the album Sick Boy.
Sounds good.
Wanna listen now?
Play it on the speaker in kitchen.
You want me to play Everybody Hates Me on the kitchen speaker?
Yeah
Started playing the song.
Thanks
Anything else?
No thank you.
Have a good one.
Can you put some music on while I make food? I usually like Electronica stuff.
How about Gold by Nick Murphy from the album Built On Glass? That's been trending.
Nah, what else is there?
How about Lady Luck by Jamie Woon from the album Mirrorwriting?
Oh, that would be perfect.
Ok. To confirm, I'm playing Lady Luck on the TV.
No, not the TV. Can you play it on the kitchen speaker?
Sure, to confirm, I'm playing Lady Luck on the kitchen speaker.
No, actually, can you play it on my bedroom speaker? I'm going to finish some homework first.
Sure. To confirm, I'm playing Lady Luck on the bedroom speaker.
Yep, sounds good.
Ok, the music is playing.
Great, thanks. That's all.
Have a good day.
I want you to find me some songs please
How about Man Down by Rihanna in the album Loud?
That's perfect. Play that song.
Please confirm this: play Man Down on TV
Please play it on my kitchen.
Please confirm this: play Man Down on kitchen speaker
Of Course yes
Song has started playing
That's all for now
Have a nice day
I want to hear some music.
Would you like to hear the song How Deep Is Your Love on the album Tomahawk Technique by Sean Paul?
Could you suggest something else?
How about Blue Tacoma on the album Yours by Russell Dickerson?
Yeah, that one will work.
Please confirm the following: Play Blue Tacoma on the album Yours by Russell Dickerson on TV.
Yes, that's what I want.
The song is beginning.
Thanks, that's all.
You're welcome. Enjoy the music.
I am very much fond of Pop songs.Can you look in for some songs for me
What is your opinion on Adorn by Miguel in album Kaleidoscope Dream?
Do you have anything else?
What is your opinion on African Beauty by Diamond Platnumz in album A Boy From Tandale?
All albums are good, you have any other thing?
I have short listed 8 songs of your choice.What is your opinion about Aftertaste by Shawn Mendes in album Handwritten?
That is good
You are interested in starting the music now?
yes for sure
Please give confirmation details: Play Aftertaste on TV
No, i would like to play it on Kitchen Speaker
Please give confirmation details: Play Aftertaste on Kitchen speaker
No, i want you to play it on bedroom speaker
Please give conformation details: play Aftertaste on bedroom speaker
that is perfect
started the song
Thank you very much
Have a nice day
Do you know any music? I'm not picky about who.
I've got 10 songs you might like. How about A Little Bit Stronger by Sara Evans from Stronger?
What else is there? Ember has a lot of good songs, but any song works.
How about Tourniquet by Breaking Benjamin from Ember? It's 1 you like.
Excellent, play that one.
Would you like Tourniquet to play on the TV?
Nope, the speaker in kitchen would be better.
So play Tourniquet on the kitchen speaker?
Nope, play it on the bedroom device my bedroom.
Tourniquet on the bedroom speaker then?
Yeah, that's right.
I've started the song.
Thanks.
Is there anything else?
Nope, thanks.
Have a great day.
Hello! Could you help find me some songs?
Sure, I have found 10 songs, one of which is Generation Why which is sung by Conan Gray in his album Sunset Season.
Do you have alternative songs? I heard that there are some good songs in the album Different World!
Yes, there are 2 songs you may like in the Different World album by Alan Walker, would you like to listen to Alone?
May I know the genre of this song?
It is a Pop song.
That's great!
Do you want me to play the music for you now?
That will be great.
Please confirm your action to play Alone on the TV.
Sorry, could you play it on the kitchen speaker instead?
Please confirm your action to play Alone on the kitchen speaker.
Sorry, I've changed my mind again. Could you play it in my bedroom instead?
Sure, please confirm your action to play Alone on the bedroom speaker.
Sure, that's great!
Your song is currently being played.
Thank you, that's all the help I need.
No problem, have a great day ahead!
I need a recommendation for some good Five Finger Death Punch songs to listen to.
Five Finger Death Punch is a good choice! You should check out I Apologize from the Got Your Six album.
What genre is it technically considered?
It's technically a metal song.
Oh, awesome! I love metal.
Should I play it now?
Yeah, play it on the the kitchen device.
Just to double check, you want me to play I Apologize on the kitchen speaker?
No, actually, can you play it on the speaker in the bedroom instead?
Ok, so you want me to play I Apologize on the bedroom speaker?
Yeah, that sounds good.
I'm playing the song now.
That's awesome, thank you!
Do you need help with anything else?
No, I'm good, thanks!
Ok, have a good day!
Can you find me some songs? The album The Martin Garrix Experience has many good songs.
I found 5 songs for you. How about High On Life by Martin Garrix in the album The Martin Garrix Experience?
That sounds great.
What else could I help you with?
I'd like to play the song on the speaker in kitchen
Please confirm playing High on Life on kitchen speaker.
Yes, that sounds right.
Just started playing the song.
Thank you.
Is there anything else I could help you with today?
No, but thank you.
Have a nice day.
Would you search for some songs?
How about Neon Gravestones by Twenty One Pilots in their album Trench?
Do you have something else? I really like Country Songs. The First Time is a good album.
I have 1 song that you should like. How about Peter Pan by Kelsea Ballerini in The First Time?
Yeah, that sounds good. Play me that song on any device that you can.
Okay, so play Peter Pan on the TV?
Yes, that is right.
I have started playing the song.
Thanks!
Could I help with something else?
No, that is all.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Can you play any songs from the album Foundation?
What do you think of Shatta Wale's song, Shatta Movement, from the Foundation album?
What is the song's genre?
The song's genre is Reggae.
That is great.
Would you like music to be played?
Yes, play it on any device.
Can you confirm the song: Shatta Movement played on the kitchen speaker?
Yes, that's correct.
Song has begun playing.
Thank you. That will be all for now.
Have a good day.
I'd like to listen to some new Pop songs. I know there are some in the album The Martin Garrix Experience.
There is 1 song called High On Life by Martin Garrix from the album The Martin Garrix Experience.
Sure, that's fine.
Would you like to hear it?
Yes, please. I'm in the kitchen, so use the kitchen speaker.
Please confirm that you would like to listen to High On Life on the kitchen speaker.
Yes, that would be perfect.
The song will start now.
Thank you very much. That will be all for now.
Have an enjoyable day.
Can you find some songs. I like songs in the album My Everything. I enjoy pop songs the most.
I have 4 songs you may enjoy. Be my Baby by Ariana Grande is in album My Everything.
Do you have anything else?
What about Best Mistake by Ariana Grande in My everything album.
I like Ariana Grande' songs but do you have anything else.
Ariana Grande has Break Free ib album My Everything.
Oh, that's good.
Would you like to listen now?
Yes, please play it.
Please confirm the information: play Break Free on TV.
Yes, that's good.
The song is playing.
Thanks a lot.
Can I do anything else for you.
No, I am good thanks.
Have a nice day.
i like Electropop songs can you help me find some?
I got you Battle Symphony by Linkin Park in the Park in album one more light and 10 others you may like, what do you think?
Thats awesome
can i play you music now ?
Yeah
are you sure I should play Battle Symphony on TV
Dont , Play on Kitchen Speaker
Affirm this play request: Battle Symphony on Kitchen Speaker
Sure, You are right
song playing
Thanks
can i help you in any other way
No, thanks
Have a nice day
Could you find me some songs on the album The Gaza Don by Dancehall?
I found 1 song called Summer Time by Vybz Kartel on The Gaza Don. What do you think?
That's great!
Anything else I can help with?
Play that song on the speaker in kitchen.
Do you want to listen to Summer Time on the kitchen speaker?
No, play it on the speaker in the bedroom.
Do you want to listen to Summer Time on the bedroom Speaker?
Yes.
Here you go.
Thanks.
Anything else I can help with?
No, thanks.
You're welcome. Have a good day!
Can you find me somme Joe Bonamassa songs?
I found Drive by Joe Bonamassa in album Blues of Desperation.
What genre is that?
Blues.
Great, play it.
Play Drive on TV?
Yes, thank you.
Started playing Drive on TV.
Thank you, that is all for now.
Have a great day!
Can you find me some songs that are like Radwimps'?
I found 4 songs for you, one of them being Dream Lantern by Radwimps, from the album Your Name.
Do you have anything else? I'm not picky with albums
What's your opinion on the Radwimps' Your Name album song Nandemonaiya?
I like the Soundtracks music, do you have anything else?
On the Radwimps' Your Name album , how do you feel about Sparkle?
Can we play that song on the speaker in kitchen?
Hey, play Sparkle off of the kitchen speaker
Yes, that's right
They started playing the song
Thank you so much.
Can I help with anything else?
No, thanks.
Have a nice day!
I like Jason Aldean. Find me some songs please.
Sure, I found Dirt Road Anthem by Jason Aldean off his My Kinda Party album.
What genre of music is that?
This is country music.
Great, I would love to hear this. please play it.
Ok, please confirm: play Dirt Road Anthem on the TV. Is this right?
No wait. play on kitchen speaker.
OK, please confirm: play Dirt Road Anthem on kitchen speaker. Is this right?
No, wait. Play this on speaker in the bedroom please.
Ok, please confirm: play Dirt Road Anthem on bedroom speaker. Is this correct?
Yes it is.
Music has started playing.
Great. Thanks for your help.
Your welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all.
Great, have a goodday.
I'm looking for some songs to listen to. Can you find me Pop songs?
I found Adorn by Miguel in album Kaleidoscope Dream.
Thats great, play the song.
Shall I play Adorn on TV?
No, play it on kitchen speaker.
Please confirm: play Adorn on kitchen speaker.
No, play it on my bedroom speaker.
Please confirm: play Adorn on bedroom speaker.
Yes.
Started playing the song.
Thank You.
Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all. Thank You.
Have a good day.
while doing my household work i like to hear some songs. Will you find me some songs? please find song sung by Joe Bonamassa.
There are 2 songs according to your interest. How about the song Drive by Joe Bonamassa in album Blues of Desperation?
ok tell me about its genre.
It is a Blues Song.
ok that's great.
Whether i need to find any other thing?
Please play the song
ok check and confirm the following details : Play Drive on TV
ok, that's correct. Please play the music.
Started playing the song
Thanks a lot
Whether i need to find any other thing?
No. thanks, not now
Take care have a great day
I a great lover of music. one of my favourites is Album nine Track Mind, especially songs of Charlie Puth. Could you find something like that for me?
2 songs of that genre available, Are you interested in Dangerously by Charlie Puth in the same album Nine Track Mind?
Ok, any other songs available?
Then I think One call away will do by Charlie Puth in Nine Track Mind will surely you choose.
What is the genre of that song.
It belongs to Pop category.
Fine, I think that will do.
Ok, confirm your demand, Play One Call Away on TV.
No, Please play it on Kitchen speaker.
Then I shall play One Call Away on kitchen speaker, confirmed?
Yes, that's all, thank you.
Great, enjoy it, started playing.
Great, Let me enjoy.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you search for Sia 's Pop songs?
How about Alive by Sia from the album This Is Acting?
Okay, That sounds great.
Would you like me to play the music for you?
Yes, Please play the song for me.
Please confirm: You want me to play Alive on TV.
No. Please play it on kitchen speaker.
Please confirm the details again: You want me to play Alive on kitchen speaker.
Yes, that is right.
Your song is playing. Enjoy the music.
That will be all. Thank you.
I am glad I could help. Have a great day.
There are many good songs in the album Always In Between. Can you pick some out for me?
How do you feel about Jess Glynne's song All I am in her album Always In Between?
I'm glad to hear that!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'd like to play a song on the kitchen device
Please confirm the following: Play All I Am on the kitchen speaker
No, play on bedroom device my bedroom
Please confirm: Play All I Am on the bedroom speaker
Yes, what genre is it?
The song has started playing. It is in the pop genre
Thank you, that's all I need
Have a great day!
I enjoy listen to music while i clean the house. Could you find me some songs? I appreciate very much Martin Garrix's songs, especially many songs from The Martin Garrix Experience album.
Here is 5 musics you may enjoy. How about High On life by Martin Garrix that is in the album The Martin Garrix Experience?
Do you have anything else?
Sure!How about Latency By Martin Garrix in album The Martin Garrix Experience?
I prefer another one, do have anything else? I prefer House songs.
No Sleep is a good song, you may like it, by Martin Garrix in album The Martin Garrix Experience?
That's amazing.
Do you want to play the music now?
Sure.
Please confirm the following details: Listen to No Sleep playing it on Tv.
Yes, that's correct.
Playing the song.
Thank you.
What else can i do?
Nothing. Thank you.
Have pleasant day.
I want to find Three Days Grace's songs.
I found 2 songs, what do you think about Three Days Grace's song Right Left Wrong from the album Outsider?
What other Rock songs do you have?
I found 1 more song, how about The Mountain by Three Days Grace from the album Outsider?
Sure. That sounds great.
Do you want to play it now?
Yes, please, thank you.
Do you want to play The Mountain on the TV?
No, I want to play it on the speaker in kitchen.
Okay, play The Mountain on the kitchen speaker?
No, I want it to play on the speaker in the bedroom.
Okay, play The Mountain on bedroom speaker.
Yes, that is correct.
Playing the song now.
Thank you.
Anything else can I help you with?
No, that's all.
Have a good day.
I am in the mood to listen to Rock songs. Could you find me some songs from the album Sex Rock?
There are 2 songs that suit you. What about Easy World from the album Sex Rock by Alex Angel
Do you have a different song?
What about My Donna from the album Sex Rock by Alex Angel?
That one sounds perfect.
Would you like to play the song now?
I wold love to hear it.
You want to play My Donna on your TV, is that correct?
No. I want to hear it on the kitchen device instead.
You want to play My Donna on your kitchen speaker?
No. I changed my mind, play it on my bedroom speaker instead.
You want to play My Donna on your bedroom speaker?
Yes, that's right.
The song is now playing.
That is everything, thank you.
You're welcome. Have a lovely day.
I'm going on a road trip, Can you find me some Pop songs? I really like the album Climate Change.
Do you like the song Options by Pitbull, from the album Climate Change?
yes, I like at song, can you play it?
So, you want me to play Options on the TV?
No, play options in my kitchen.
So you want me to play Options on the Kitchen speaker?
Yes, thank you.
I played the song for you.
Thank you.
Have a good day.
Can you search for some songs for me and my favorite is Country songs of Jake Owen
What is your opinion on Alone With You from the album Barefoot Blue Jean Night by Jake Owen?
That is cool
Are you playing the music at this time?
Yes, play it on the Kitchen Speaker
Please give confirmation details: Alone With You on Kitchen Speaker
No, i want you to play it on bedroom speaker
Please give confirmation details: Alone With You on bedroom speaker
That is perfect
Started the song
Thank you very much
Any other hep you need?
no thank you
Have a great day
Could you find me music? I Like La La Land Cast's songs.
I found 1 song you might like, how do you feel about Another day of Sun by the la la land cast in the album La La Land
what's the genre?
it's in the soundtracks genre
Sounds good.
Do you want it to play now?
Sure, play it on the speaker in kitchen.
Please confirm the following: play another day of sun on the kitchen speaker
Actually, play it on the bedroom speaker.
please confirm the following: Play another day of sun on the bedroom speaker
Yup, that's right!
The song is now playing
Thank you! That's all i need
Have a good day
Can you find me songs like those of Billy Watman?
How about Bohemian Rhapsody by Billy Watman from the album Cryptic?
Wonderful, please play it.
Please confirm: Play Bohemian Rhapsody on the TV.
Yes, everything is correct.
The song is playing.
Thank you very much.
Can I help with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Have a wonderful day!
songs are of different types and different varieties. I like to hear some songs. Will you find me some songs ? Please find songs of kind Metal song?
How about the song Born for Greatness by Papa Roach in album Crooked Teeth? whether you liked it?
Ok that's great. that is all i need. Please play the song on device speaker in kitchen.
ok please check and confirm the following details so that i could play the song: Play Born for Greatness on Kitchen speaker
Yes, that's correct . Please play it
Started playing the song.
Thanks a lot for your help. song fills my heart with full of joy.
take cara have a great day
I need help finding some good music.
What about Move Your Body by Sia off of her This Is Acting album?
Yeah, that is perfect.
Did you need anything else?
Yes, can you play it on my kitchen speaker?
You said to play Move Your Body on the kitchen speaker?
No on second thought play it on my bedroom speaker.
Okay, you want to hear Move Your Body on your bedroom speaker.
Yes, that is right. What genre is the artist again?
It is starting now and it is a pop song.
Thank you for that.
Did you need anything else?
No that will be all for now. Thanks.
You are welcome. Enjoy your song.
I would like you to find me some pop music songs.
Among 10 songs I found is one called Adorn by Miguel from the album Kaleidoscope Dream.
That will do nicely.
Shall I play that song for you now?
Yes, please play it on my kitchen device.
I'm about to play Adorn on your kitchen speaker. Is that right?
Yes, go ahead.
Here you go.
That's it, thank you.
You're most welcome.
Well, the next thing we need for the reception is the music. We need some songs that are going to amp up the mood and entertain the guests. I know I can count on you to help me get that together. I like mostly all the songs on the album This Is Acting. Do you have that album?
I'm showing 4 songs on the album This Is Acting. Do you like the song Alive by Sia on that album?
Ooh, I'm a real Sia fan. Pop music is great for what I want. Do you show any other songs?
The song Bird Set Free by Sia is also on the album This Is Acting. Does that song interest you?
Cool, you've got my attention and tell me more, please.
The album This Is Acting has another featured song by Sia called Move Your Body.
Well, all right. The song list is looking great.
Would you like to hear that song now?
Yes, I would. Go ahead and play it on any one of my devices.
The song Move Your Body will play on your TV. Please confirm that.
Uh, let's change that to the kitchen device, please.
The song Move Your Body will play on your kitchen speaker. Please confirm that.
Yes, let's confirm that. You got it.
Confirmed. The song will begin now.
Couldn't have done it without you. That's it for now. Thanks so much.
Of course. Enjoy your music.
Can you play a Pop song?
There are 10 songs, would you like Adorn by Miguel from the album Kaleidoscope Dream?
What other option do you have?
There is African Beauty by Diamond Platnumz from the album A Boy From Tandale.
What other song is there?
There is Aftertaste by Shawn Mendes from the album Handwritten.
Yes, play that song.
Do you want me to play it on Aftertaste TV?
No, play it on the kitchen device please.
You want me to play Aftertaste on the kitchen speaker?
No, in my bedroom speaker.
Aftertaste will play in your bedroom speaker.
Yes, that is correct.
Started playing the song.
Thank you, that is all I needed.
Have a good day.
Can you find Pop songs similar to the Demi album?
I found 1 song. Would you like to listen to Neon Lights by Demi Lovato from the Demi album?
That's great. Thank you.
Would you like to listen to it now?
Yes, that's correct.
Please confirm. Would you like to play Neon Lights on the TV?
Yes, that's correct.
Started playing the song.
Thank you very much.
What else can I help with?
No thank you.
Have a good day.
I would like to listen to a Pop song, can you find one?
Here are 10 songs for you. Adorn by Miguel in Kaleidoscope Dream. Is that acceptable?
I like Sigrid's songs. Do you have anything like that?
Here are 3 songs under that description. How about Business Dinners by Sigrid in Sucker Punch?
What else is there?
How about Strangers by Sigrid in Sucker Punch?
That's good.
Do you want to play it now?
Yes.
Please confirm: Play Strangers on Tv?
Yes.
Song is now playing.
Thank you. That's it.
Have a great day.
Hey, could you play me something off Narrated For you.
Narrated For you? How about Boy In The Bubble by Alec Benjamin?
You have anything else?
Yeah Gotta Be A Reason by Alec Benjamin is also off Narrated For You.
What else do you have from Alec Benjamin?
Lets see. Alec Benjamin. Narrated For You. How about If I killed Someone For you.
Besides Murder Mystery, what genre is that?
They go it listed as Pop.
Alrighty then.
So, play it?
Yeah. On the kitchen speaker please.
If I killed Someone For you on the kitchen speaker?
Make it my bedroom speaker.
How romantic. If I killed Someone For You on your bedroom speaker. Correct?
You got it.
The song has started.
Thanks, Dude.
Anything else. A glass of wine?
No thanks, wise guy.
Enjoy your song.
This party could really use some music. Can you find me a Pop song from the album The Bright Side?
The 1 song that I found is titled Blue Skies by Lenka, from the album The Bright Side. Does that sound like what you are looking for?
Yes, that's perfect.
Would you like me to begin playing the song now?
Yes, can you play it on the speaker in kitchen, it is the loudest one in the house.
Okay, I will begin playing the song titled Blue Skies on the kitchen speaker.
No, i'm sorry, can you play it on the speaker in my bedroom, that is the room closest to all the guests.
Okay, I will begin playing the song titled Blue Skies on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, that should be better.
The song is now playing.
Thank you for your help.
Have a wonderful day!
Can you find me a song? Any genre is fine.
I have found 10 songs. Do you want to listen to Before I Cry by Lady Gaga from the album A Star Is Born Soundtrack?
What other songs are there?
Do you want to listen to Naya Naya Penhi Salwarba by Shashi Lal Yadav from the album No Line Signal Likhat Ba?
That sounds great.
Would you like to play the song?
Yes, play the song.
Please confirm: You want to play Naya Naya Penhi Salwarba on TV.
Yes, that is correct.
The song is now playing.
Thank you, for your help.
Do you need help with anything else?
No, that is all I needed.
Have a good day.
Can you list Harris J songs in the album Salam?
I found 1 song, Salam Alaikum by Harris J on the album Salam.
What genre is the song?
It's a Pop song.
Ok, thanks.
Can I help you with anything else.
Can you play the song?
To confirm, you'd like me to play Salam Alaikum on the TV.
Yes, that's what I'd like you to do.
Playing the song
Thanks, that's all I need.
Let me know if you'd like me to do anything else.
Could you find me some Pop songs, especially those by Conan Gray?
I found 2 songs you might like. How about Conan Gray's song, Generation Why, from the Sunset Season album?
That sounds great.
Do you want to play the music now?
Yes, play the song now.
Please confirm that you want to play Generation Why on the TV.
No. Play it on the kitchen speaker.
Please confirm that you want to play Generation Why on the kitchen speaker.
Yes, that's correct.
I'm starting the song now.
Great. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. That's all. Thank you.
Have a good day.
I want to listen to some music.
Sure. I see 10 songs that you might enjoy. How about Dean Town from the Vulfpeck album The Beautiful Game?
I'm not a big Vulfpeck fan. Do you have anything else?
How about All On Me from the Devin Dawson album Dark Horse?
I've never heard of that one. What genre is it?
It's Country music.
I hate country. Anything else?
How about He Is from the Ghost album Meliora?
Ghost? Never heard of him. What genre is the song?
It is Rock music.
Okay, I'll give it a shot.
Should I start playing the song now?
Yeah. Set it to the kitchen device.
You want to hear He Is from your kitchen speaker?
Yeah, that's right.
Your music is now playing.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Nothing else, thanks.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Could you play some music for me? I like Jason Chen. I really like Pop music.
I found 2 songs for you. What about Best Friend by Jason Chen from the Gravity album?
I want something else.
What about Music Never Sleeps by Jason Chen from the Gravity album?
That's good. I want it on my speaker in kitchen.
Play Music Never Sleeps on kitchen speaker. Is this correct?
Play it on my bedroom device instead.
Play Music Never Sleeps on bedroom speaker. Is this correct?
Yes.
The song has started.
Thanks for your help.
Do you need anything else?
No thank you.
Have a nice day.
Can you search for some Pop songs for me?
Search revealed 10 songs. Do you like Adorn by Miguel on the Kaleidoscope Dream album?
Find me some other songs such as Arash songs on the Superman album.
Do you like One Day by Arash on the Superman album?
Yes, I do. Play that song on the kitchen speaker.
You want to cast One Day on the kitchen speaker. Is that right?
Yes, that is right.
Your song has started.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need anything else?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
Hi i need a help, i am Interested in listening songs, Could you find some songs for me?
Do you like One That Got Away by Michael Ray in album Amos?
Yes, I like that song
Can i play that song for you?
Yes, play it
please confirm the following details: play One That Got Away on TV
No, Not on tv, play it on speaker in kitchen
please confirm the following details:play One That Got Away on kitchen speaker
No, Please play it on speaker in the bedroom
please confirm the following details: play One That Got Away on bedroom speaker
Yes, That's right
The song has been started on bedroom speaker,Shall i help you with anything more?
No, thank you very much for your help, That's all i need.
You are welcome, Have a great day.
I need to search for a song, can you find some nice one?
Yes, What about a song Look What I found by Lady Gaga in the album A Star Is Born Soundtrack?
I thing Pop songs will be better choice, please search for the one.
Found 10 results. Adorn by Miguel in Album Kaleidoscope Dream is the nice one I think, do you like the same?
No. please search something else.
How about a song African Beauty by Diamond Platnumz in album A Boy From Tandale? this will be definitely good.
Yes, that is nice song, please pay it on my Speaker in Kitchen.
Please confirm to play African Beauty on your Kitchen speaker.
Change it to my bedroom device.
Okay, give your confirmation to play African Beauty on bedroom speaker.
That is correct, continue.
song started playing on your bedroom device.
Thanks, that's all I want now.
Have a great day.
Find me some songs
10 songs I found that you might like.What is your opinion about Album Dolla Van Riddim by Busy Signal with song Dolla Van?
What is the type of music?
It's part of the Reggae category
Anything else you can find?
Tell me your opinion about album Home state by Jordan Davis with song Take it From Me.
What kind of music is that?
The song is Country
You have something else?
How about album Happiness by Hurts with song Wonderful Life?
Sounds great .
You want me to play the music now?
Yes,I would love that.
Play on TV the song Wonderful Life is OK?
Yes perfect.
The song is playing.
Thanks for help.
Can I help you with something else?
No,I'm fine thanks
Have a great day!
Could you play me some music? I like metal music.
What about Born For Greatness by Papa Roach from the Crooked Teeth album?
That's a good one. I want to hear it.
You want to hear Born For Greatness on your TV. Is this right?
I want to hear it in my kitchen.
You want to hear Born For Greatness on your kitchen speaker. Is this right?
Yes.
The song is now playing.
Thanks for your help.
Would you like anything else?
No, that's all I need.
Have a nice day.
I want to listen to some music.
I've found 10 songs you might want to hear. How about Bohemian Rhapsody by Billy Watman from his album Cryptic?
That sounds good.
Should I play it now?
Yes, please. Go ahead.
Okay. Just to make sure, I'm going to play Bohemian Rhapsody on the TV.
Actually, no. Please play it on the kitchen device.
Sure. I'll play Bohemian Rhapsody on the kitchen speaker.
Yes. That is right.
Starting the song now.
Thanks. That's all for now.
Have a great day!
Could you look for some songs for me?
How about the album Voicenotes with song The Way I am by Charlie Puth?
Perfect. I want to listen to the song, so play it on the kitchen speaker.
Please verify the following information: Using the kitchen speaker to play the song The Way I Am.
Yep, that's right.
The song has started playing.
What is the genre of it?
The song is Pop.
Thanks.
Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, thanks very much.
Enjoy your day.
Find me some music please. Any album works.
What do you think about Shy by Jai Waetford from the album Heart Miles.
Anything else? I enjoy Rebelution. I really like Reggae.
I found 2 songs for you. On song is Roots Reggae Music buy Rebelution from the album Count Me In.
Great! Play the song on any device please.
Please confirm the following: play Roots Reggae Music on TV.
No, play it on my kitchen.
Please confirm the following: play Roots Reggae Music on the kitchen speaker.
Yea, that's good.
Now playing the song.
Thanks.
How else can I assist you?
No thanks.
Have a nice day!
I want to listen to some songs.
Okay, how about the song Dark Necessities by the Red Hot Chili Peppers on their album The Getaway?
Let's look for something else, any genre will work. What about something on the album Born This Way?
Want to hear Bloody Mary on the Lady Gaga album Born This Way?
Yes, that's great.
Should i play it now?
Yes, play it.
Please confirm that I should play Bloody Mary on the TV.
Actually, play it on the kitchen speaker.
Great, confirm that I'm playing Bloody Mary on the kitchen speaker.
Yes, that's right.
Okay, I started playing the song.
Thanks so much.
Anything else I can help with?
That's it, thanks.
Have a great day.
Can you play me some music? I'm thinking Sabaton tonight.
I found 5 songs for you. How about Sabaton 's Night Witches, from the album Heroes
Anything else?
Maybe Sabaton 's No Bullets Fly, also from the album Heroes?
What genre is it?
That's a Metal song
Ok, let's play it.
Please confirm: playing No Bullets Fly on TV
No make it the speaker in kitchen instead
Please confirm: playing No Bullets Fly on the kitchen speaker
Yes do that
Your music is playing
Thanks.
Anytime.
I need some relaxation because of my office work . Will you find me some songs? Will you check songs like Alan Walker songs.
Sure. There are 2 songs according to your taste. How about this song Alone by Alan Walker in album Different world?
Whether any other song is available?
Fine , there is another song name Darkside by Alan Walker in album Different World, Whether you like it or not?
What's its genre?
actually it is a Pop song
That's great , I like to hear the song. will you play it?
ok please check and confirm the following details: play Darkside on TV
ok, that's great. Please play the music.
Started playing the song
Thanks a lot for your help and that is all i need.
Take care have a great day.
I would like to hear some classical music.
I have 8 songs that you might be interested in. Would you like to hear Cocaine March on the album Melting by Nico Cartosio?
That sounds like something I'd like.
Is there anything else you need?
I would like to hear that song.
Please confirm the following: play Cocaine March from the album Melting by Nico Cartosio on TV.
No, I want it to play on the kitchen speaker.
Please confirm the following: play Cocaine March from the album Melting by Nico Cartosio on the kitchen speaker.
I'm sorry. I changed my mind. Could you play it on my bedroom speaker?
Please confirm the following: play Cocaine March from the album Melting on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, that's what I want to hear.
Begin playing the song.
Thanks, that's all I want right now.
Enjoy your music.
Would you look for some songs for me?
I have 10 songs that you may like. How about Self Control by Frank Ocean in Blonde?
That sounds good.
Shall I put this on now?
Okay then.
Please confirm that I should play Self Control on TV.
That is right.
I have started playing it.
Thanks.
Anything else I can help with?
No, thanks.
Have a great day.
Hi there, could you help me find some songs? Any genre will do.
I found 10 songs which you may like, one of which is Cirice by Ghost in the album Meliora.
That's not really my taste, I would prefer Pop songs in the album Happiness.
How about Wonderful Life by Hurts in the album Happiness?
That sounds good!
Would you like me to play the music for you?
Sure thing, thanks!
Please confirm your action to play Wonderful Life on TV.
Could you play it on my kitchen device instead?
Sure, please confirm your action to play Wonderful Life on kitchen speaker.
Sorry, could you change it to the bedroom device instead?
Sure, please confirm your action to play Wonderful Life on bedroom speaker.
Yes, that will be fine.
Your music has started playing, enjoy!
Thank you very much!
Do you require further assistance?
No, that's all the help I need. Thank you!
No problem, have a great day ahead!
Can you find any songs for me? I really like electropop.
I have 10 songs for you. How about Battle Symphony by Linkin Park, from the album One More Light?
Anything else you can find?
I found Buzzcut Season by Lorde from the album Pure Heroine.
Can you keep looking? There are lots of good songs on the album My Everything, and any type of song is good with me.
I found 4 songs you might like to listen to. How do you like Be My Baby by Ariana Grande off of My Everything?
That's a really good one.
Should I play it now for you?
Yeah, I'd like to hear it.
Please confirm: playing Be My Baby on TV.
Could you play it in my kitchen instead?
Yes, please confirm that you want to play Be My Baby on kitchen speaker.
No, I actually want it on speaker in the bedroom.
Okay, confirm: playing Be My Baby on bedroom speaker.
Yeah, that's exactly right.
The song will now start.
Thanks, that's it right now.
Have a good rest of the day.
Can you find me some country songs?
I found 10 songs that match your request. What about the song All On Me by Devin Dawson from the album Dark Horse?
What other songs do you have? I want songs from the album Kuntry.
What about the songs All The Girls Wanna Ride by the Jawga Boyz from the album Kuntry?
What other songs do you have?
What about the song Ridin High by Jawga Boyz from the album Kuntry?
That sounds good.
Do you want to play it?
Yes, play it on the kitchen device.
Please confirm: Playing Ridin High on the kitchen speaker.
No, play it on my bedroom speaker.
Please confirm: Playing Ridin High on the bedroom speaker
Yes, that's it.
Playing song now.
Thanks so much.
Anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all.
Have a great day.
Can you find me some Pop songs?
Do you like Adorn by Miguel on the Kaleidoscope Dream album?
Yes, that is what I want. Cast it on my kitchen.
You want to play Adorn on the kitchen speaker. Is that right?
Yes, that is right.
The song has started.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need anything else?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
I need help finding some songs.
How about Attention by Charlie Puth off the Voicenotes album?
What type of song is it?
It's a pop style.
Sounds good. Play it on my kitchen.
Just to make sure, you want to play Attention on the kitchen speaker.
You got it
Your music has started. Enjoy!
Thanks. That'll do it for now.
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Can you find some songs like Ayo Jay.
I have 1 song by Ayo Jay from the album Lazy Genius called Let him go.
What is the genre?
It is Reggae.
Sounds like a good choice.
Should I play it?
Yes, please do.
Confirm playing let him go on the TV.
Actually please play it on the kitchen device.
OK, playing Let Him Go on the kitchen speaker.
Yes, that is good.
Song is playing.
Thank you again.
Have a nice day.
Could you search for any sort of music for me?
What's your opinion about Barefoot in the Park by James Blake in the album Assume Form?
Do you possess anything else?
What's your opinion about Back it Up by Prince Royce in the album Double Vision?
Do you posses anything else? I enjoy music by Justin Bieber. There are plenty of wonderful songs in the album Journals.
I discovered 1 song you may enjoy. What's your opinion about All That Matters by Justin Bieber in the album Journals?
That's wonderful. I'd like to play the music.
Please verify the following information: play All That Matters on TV.
Nope, play it on kitchen speaker.
Please verify the following information: play all That Matters on kitchen speaker.
Yeah, that's right.
The music began playing.
Thank you for your help; that's all.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
Hey, I'm looking for some music. I like Metal music - the album No More Hollywood Endings has a lot of songs I like.
I've found 1 that could work for you: do you feel about the song Eden from the album No More Hollywood Endings by Battle Beast?
Yeah, that sounds good, play that.
Would you like to play Eden on your TV?
Can you play it on the kitchen speaker instead?
Would you like to play Eden on your kitchen speaker?
Actually, can you play it on my bedroom speaker?
Alright, you'd like me to play Eden on your bedroom speaker?
Yeah, please.
Alright, the song will begin now.
Thanks, that's all I need.
Enjoy your music.
I'm in the mood to listen to some music right now. Can you find me something good to listen to?
Sure, I found 10 songs that you might like. How about listening to Roundtable Rival by Lindsey Stirling from her album Shatter Me?
Yeah, that sounds great.
Do you want to hear the song now?
Yeah, please play it on the kitchen speaker.
Okay, I'm going to play Roundtable Rival on the kitchen speaker. Is that okay?
No, play the song on my bedroom speaker.
Alright, Roundtable Rival will play shortly on the bedroom speaker. Is that right?
Yup, that's right.
Okay, the songs starting to play now. Enjoy your music!
Great, thanks!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thanks, that's all I needed.
Have a nice day!
Find some music please.
Ok, how about Be My Baby by Ariana Grande of her My Everything album?
That sounds good.
Should I play this now?
Yes. Play on any available device please.
Sure, Please confirm: Play Be My Baby on TV. Is that right?
No wait. Play on kitchen speaker please.
Ok, please confirm: play Be My Baby on kitchen speaker, is this correct?
Yes, that's right.
Great, music has started playing.
Tell me what genre is this ?
This is a Pop song.
Thanks, that will be all.
Ok, Have a great day.
I'd like to hear some Pop music.
Like your Dad singing? I mean, I got Adorn by Miguel off Kaleidoscope Dream?
What else you got, Funny Man?
How about some Diamond Platnumz. I suggest African Beauty from A Boy From Tandale.
What else do you recommend.
Handwritten by Shawn Mendes has Aftertaste.
That might hit the spot.
Should I throw it on.
Yeah, please do.
Aftertaste on the TV. Confirmed.
You licked the TV? Well play it on the Kitchen device then.
Sure Funny Man. Play Aftertaste on Kitchen Speaker. Correct?
Actually make it my bedroom.
You want Aftertaste on your bedroom speaker?
Yeah. I can see you suppress a smile.
I don't know what you mean but I certainly sense Aftertaste on your bedroom speaker.
I hope that't tongue in cheek. Either way, I'm done for now.
Enjoy your day then.
Can you find some songs for me please?
Sure, I've found 10 songs that you might enjoy. How about Control by Halsey from the album Badlands?
What genre is that song?
Its an electropop song.
What else is there? I really like pop songs.
I've found another 10 songs. How do you like Adorn by Miguel from the album Kaleidoscope Dream?
That song sounds good I'd like to hear it.
Would you like to play Adorn on the TV?
No, please play it on the kitchen device.
Play Adorn on the Kitchen Speaker then?
no play it on the speaker in the bedroom instead.
Okay so, play Adorn on the bedroom speaker?
yes thats right.
Song is now playing.
Thank you.
Do you need help with anything else?
No thanks.
Have a great day.
Can you find me some songs by the Red Hot Chili Peppers?
How about Dark Necessities from the album The Getaway by the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
What are some of the other songs on The Getaway?
I have 3 you might like. How about Go Robot on The Getaway by the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
What's another one? I really like Pop songs.
There's Goodbye Angels on The Getaway by the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
That sounds good.
Shall I play it now?
Yes. Put it on the kitchen speaker.
To confirm: you want me to play Goodbye Angels on the kitchen speaker.
No. Make it my bedroom speaker instead.
Okay. You want me to play Goodbye Angels on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, that's right.
The song will start now.
Thank you. That's all I needed.
Have a great day.
Will you find some songs for me?
I found 10 songs. How about African Beauty by Diamond Platnumz from the album A Boy From Tandale?
Great. Will you play it on kitchen speaker?
Please confirm African Beauty on kitchen speaker.
That's right.
Song is starting.
Thanks, that's all.
Have a wonderful day.
Could you play me some music? I like pop music.
What about Adorn by Miguel from the Kaleidoscope Dream album?
That's good.
Would you like me to play the song?
Yes I do.
Play Adorn on your TV. Is what you want?
Yes, that's what I want.
The song has begun.
Thank you. That is all.
Have a nice day.
I am in a nice mood and I would like to listen some nice songs, I need you to search for the good one.
Found 10 songs. How about Nota De Plata which is composed by The Motans and present in the album Nirvana? Hope you like the same.
No, can you get me some other songs like Kristin Chenoweth which is liked by me specially.
How about a song Maybe This Time from the Album Coming Home by Kristin Chenoweth? Do you like it?
Yes, What's the kind of song is this?
It is a Pop type of song.
Okay, that will be nice.
Anything else you need?
Yes, I would like to listen this song in my Kitchen, can you play it there?
Yes, need your confirmation to play Maybe This time on Kitchen speaker.
No, I would like to listen it in my bedroom device, please do it so.
Okay, please confirm to play Maybe This Time on bedroom speaker.
Ya, that is fine. Go ahead.
Song started playing, enjoy.
Thanks a lot for your help
Anything else you need?
No, thanks that's all.
Have a great day.
I have liking for George Strait songs.Could you please search for some songs for me?
What is your opinion on Codigo by George Strait in album Honky Tonk Time Machine?
Do you have anything else?
What is your opinion on Every Little Honky Tonk Bar by George Strait in album Honky Tonk Time Machine?
I need to know its genre
It is a Country song
That is good
Are you interested in starting the music now?
yes for sure
Please give confirmation details: To play Every Little Honky Tonk Bar on TV
That is perfect
started running the song
Thank you very much
Have a nice day
I'm looking for some music off the album Expectations.
How does Curious by Hayley Kiyoko off of the album Expectations sound?
Nah, anything else?
How about I Got You by Bebe Rexha off of the album Expectations?
What kind of song is that?
It's considered Pop.
Not interested. Anything else?
How about Knees by Bebe Rexha off of the album Expectations?
What kind of song is it?
It's in the Pop category.
Sounds good. Let's listen to it on the kitchen speaker.
Okay, so just to make sure, you want to hear Knees on the kitchen speaker.
Actually, play it on the bedroom speaker.
No problem. So, just to make sure, you want to hear Knees on the bedroom speaker.
You got it.
Your song has begun!
Thanks. That's everything.
Enjoy your day now!
I want to hear some music, any genre.
Would you like to hear Serendipity from the album Higher by Albert Posis?
Yes, that sounds pretty good.
Would you like to hear the music now?
Yes, could you please play it on my kitchen speaker?
Please confirm the following: play Serendipity from the album Higher, on the kitchen speaker.
Yes, that's what I want.
Begin playing the music.
Thanks for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all for now.
Enjoy the music.
Can you find me a Halsey song?
I found 5, how about Colors on Badlands by Halsey?
What else do you have from Badlands? I like electropop.
How about Control from Badlands by Halsey?
Anything else you have?
Gasoline on Badlands by Halsey.
Perfect, I want that one.
Gasoline cast to the tv is that correct?
Yes that is perfect.
Started the song.
Thank you for your help.
Can I do anything else for you?
No that will be all.
Have a great day.
Can you find some songs for me?
I found 10 songs I think you'd enjoy. How about Sleepover by Hayley Kiyoko from the album Expectations?
That's perfect for me.
Would you like to play the song now?
Yes, please play it.
Confirm that you would like to play Sleepover on TV.
Yep, that's right.
The song is starting now.
Thanks, that's all I need help with.
You're welcome and have a great day.
I'm in the mood to listen to music, can you find me some Folk songs?
There are 6 songs that I found for you. What about the song Annie from the album Oxford by Connar Moon?
Do you have anything else that is more like Pop? I like many of the songs from the album Singular Act I.
What about Almost Love from the album Singular Act I by Sabrina Carpenter?
I enjoy songs by Sabrina Carpenter but do you have a different song?
What about Paris also from the album Singular Act I by Sabrina Carpenter?
Yes, that is perfect. I would like to play the song on the kitchen speaker.
You want to play the song Paris on the kitchen speaker, is that correct?
No. I want to play the song on the bedroom device.
You would like to play the song Paris on the bedroom speaker?
Yes, that is what I want.
The song is now playing.
Thank you for your time, that is everything.
My pleasure. Have a great day.
I would like to listen to some music while I study for my midterm. Can you help with that. Any album is fine.
I was able to locate 10 songs for you. The first one is titled Carnivore by Starset from the album Transmissions.
That sounds perfect.
Would you like me to begin playing that for you now?
Yes, now is fine.
I will begin playing Carnivore on the TV, is that correct?
No, I will be studying in the kitchen so can you please play it on the kitchen device instead?
I will begin to play Carnivore on the kitchen speaker. Is that correct.
Yes, that's what I want.
The song has begun to play in the kitchen.
Thank so much!
No problem, are there any other songs or anything else you would like me to find for you?
No that will be all for now but thank you for asking.
I'm happy to help, have a great day!
i have many leisure time because i am not going for work today. will you find me some good songs ? please find songs in album camila because it has so many good songs?
How about the song Consequences by Camila Cabello in album Camila? whether you like it?
yes, that's great
could i play this music now?
sure. please play it
ok please check and confirm the following details : play Consequences on TV.
ok that's correct. What kind of music is it?
It is a Pop song . Song is started playing.
Thanks a lot for your help
Whether i need to find any other thing?
No, thanks, not now
take care have a great day
Hello! Jack here. I wish to hear some good songs. Please can you help me to find a good one?
Sure! Do you wish to hear the song One Last Time by Ariana Grande from the album My Everything that was released in 2014?
Do you have any Country songs for I would love to hear them.
Yup! I got 10 songs that suits your taste. One of them is the song All on Me by Devin Dawson from the album Dark Horse that was released in 1974. Do you wish to listen to this song?
Looks too old. Do you have any other songs that's released recently? I would love to hear Old Dominion 's songs and I think you can find many good songs in the album Happy Endings. Please can you find one for me?
Sure! I will do that for you. There are 2 good song that suits your taste. One of the song is the Hotel Key by Old Dominion from the album Happy Endings? Would you like to listen to this song?
Awesome! Awaiting to hear this song... Please can you play it for me?
Yup! Please confirm me that you wish to hear the song Hotel Key in your home device TV, right?
Nope, please play the song on my speaker in kitchen.
Okay! So, you wish to hear the song Hotel Key on your kitchen speaker. Am I right?
Yup! You're right.
You are done and the song you wished to hear is playing in your kitchen speaker. Enjoy the music !!!
Thanks.
Do you need any other songs to be played?
Nope, thanks, that's it.
Have a fantastic day.
Can you find something I can hear to pass the time?
I found 10 available songs. What about Black Eyes by Bradley Cooper from the A Star Is Born Soundtrack?
I love it. Play it.
Should I play it right now?
Yes, on the kitchen device.
So, play Black Eyes on the kitchen speaker?
Yes, that's it.
Just started playing it.
Thanks a lot, that's all.
Have great day.
Can you help me find some music?
How about Why So Serious by Alice Merton on her Mint album?
Sounds great.
Do you want to play it now?
Sure.
Please confirm: Play Why So Serious on tv.
That's right.
Playing now.
What genre is this?
It's pop.
Thanks.
Anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks.
Have a nice day.
Can you search some rock type of songs for me that I like very much?.
Is the song Are You Ready by Disturbed in album Evolution is okay for you?
No, can you search for the songs by Skillet?
Yes, what about the song The Resistance in album Unleashed Beyond which is the 1 by Skillet?
That is the nice one and I like it.
Shall I play this song now?
Yes, please do it and I like to hear it in my Kitchen.
Please confirm to play The Resistance on Kitchen speaker.
Just I want to go to bedroom now so please play it on my bedroom.
Okay, confirm to play the Resistance on bedroom speaker.
Yes, that is correct, continue please.
Song started playing on your bedroom speaker. enjoy your music.
Thanks, that's all.
Have a great day.
I want to listen to some music, can you find me songs from any album?
There are 10 songs that suit your taste. What about With You I Am from the album Gotta Be Me by Cody Johnson?
Sounds perfect, I will give it a try.
Would you like to play the music now?
Yes, I would love to.
You want to play With You I Am on your TV?
Yes, that's what I want.
The song is now playing.
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all. Thank you very much.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hi i need a help, i am Interested in listening songs, Could you find some songs for me? i especially like Pop songs.
Sure, I will help you, I found 10 songs for you, Do you like Adorn by Miguel in album kaleidoscope Dream?
Find another songs for me.
Sure,Do you like African Beauty song by Diamond Platnumz in album A Boy From Tandale?
Find another song, I like Alec Benjamin, There are lot of good songs in the album Narrated For you
Ok, I found 7 songs for you, Do you like Boy in the bubble by Alec benjamin in the album Narrated For you?
yes, i like that song
Can i play the song for you?
Yes
please confirm the following details: play boy in The Bubble on TV
No, not on tv, play it on kitchen speaker
please confirm the following details: play boy in The Bubble on Kitchen speaker
Sorry, play it on my bedroom speaker
please confirm the following details: play boy in The Bubble on bedroom speaker
Yes, That's right.
The song has been started playing on bedroom speaker
thank you very much for your help, That's all i need
you are welcome, Shall i help you with anything more?
No, thanks bye
Have a wonderful day, bye
I would like to listen some nice songs, I need you to search for the good one.
Found 10 songs. Among them I would like is the nice one which is composed by Zara Larsson and present in the album So good. How about your opinion?
I thing this will be a good one and can you play it on my Kitchen speaker?
Yes, please confirm to play I would like on your kitchen speaker.
Yes, that is correct, continue.
Song started playing now.
What kind of song is this?
This is a Pop song, hope you like it.
Yes, I like it very much and that's all I need from you. thanks.
Have a great and enjoyable day.
I am looking for some good songs.
How about On The Loose by Niall Horan from the album Flicker?
Is there any other Pop song from the album Vessel?
How about Fake You Out by Twenty One Pilots from the album Vessel?
Is there any other song by Twenty One Pilots 's?
How about Truce by Twenty One Pilots from the album Vessel?
Okay, That sounds great.
Would you like me to play the music now?
Yes, Please play it on my kitchen.
Please confirm the details: You want me to play Truce on kitchen speaker.
Yes, That is right.
Songs is playing. Enjoy the music.
Okay. Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all. Thank you.
I am glad I could help. Have a great day.
I'm in the mood to listen to some music. Can you help me find something to listen to?
Sure, I found 10 songs you might like. Do you want to hear Mahzouz by Tamer Ashor from their Khayali album?
What kind of song is it?
It's a Pop song.
Cool, I wanna listen to it.
Should I play Mahzouz on the TV?
No, I'd like to listen to it on the kitchen speaker.
Okay, so you want me to play Mahzouz on the kitchen speaker?
Yup, that's right.
Okay, the songs starting to play now. Enjoy your music!
Cool, thanks. That's all I needed.
Have a nice day!
I need some help finding songs to listen to.
How about No More by Disturbed from the album Evolution.
Yeah, I like that.
Do you want me to play the song?
Yes, please play it on the kitchen speaker.
I'll play No More on the kitchen speaker, is that correct?
Sorry, no. Can you play it on the speaker in the bedroom instead?
I'll play No More on the bedroom speaker, is that correct?
Yeah, that's correct. What kind of song is it?
It's a Rock song. The song has begun.
Thanks so much.
Do you need me for anything else?
No, thank you again.
Have a good rest of your day.
Would you look for some songs for me?
How about Cool Girl by Tove Lo in Lady Wood?
What is the genre?
It is Electropop.
That sounds cool. Play that song.
So you want to play Cool Girl on the TV?
Yes that is right.
I have started playing the song.
Thank you. I do not need anything else.
Have a great day.
I would like to listen to some music, can you find me some songs?
What about Sleepover from the album Expectations by Hayley Kiyoko?
What genre of music is that?
It is the Pop genre.
Fantastic. Play it on the kitchen speaker.
You want to play Sleepover on the kitchen speaker, is that correct?
I changed my mind, play it on the bedroom device instead.
You want to play Sleepover on the bedroom speaker, is that correct?
Yes, that's what I want.
The song is now playing.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is everything, thank you.
I'm happy to help. Have a great day.
I am in the mood for some music, can you find me some songs?
What about the song Girl Crush from the album Pain Killer by Little Big Town?
What is the genre of the song?
It is considered a Country song.
I love Country. That's perfect.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would like to play the song on my kitchen device.
You would like to play Girl Crush on your kitchen speaker, is that correct?
Yes, that's right.
The song is now playing.
That's all I need, thank you.
My pleasure. Have a wonderful day.
Can you recommend some songs for me? I enjoy songs by Ariana Grande.
How about Be Alright by Ariana Grande in the album Dangerous Woman?
What genre is it?
It is Pop.
Do you have other suggestions?
How about Be My Baby by Ariana Grande in the album My Everything?
Do you have other suggestions?
How about Best Mistake by Ariana Grande in the album My Everything?
Sounds good. Can you play the song on the kitchen speaker?
So you'd like me to play Best Mistake on the kitchen speaker?
Yes, sounds good.
The song has begun.
What genre is it?
It is Pop.
Thank you for the information.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you.
Have a nice day.
Can you find some songs for me?
I have 10. How about Butterflies by Kacey Musgraves on the album Golden Hour?
Anything else to choose from?
From the 10 I found, what about Wicked by Future in the album Purple Reign.
Can you tell me the genre?
It is a soundtracks song.
Do you have anything else?
What about A Zac Brown Band song called Knee Deep from You Get What You Give?
And the genre?
It is a country song.
OK, let's try it.
Shall I play it now?
Yes.
Confirming to play Knee Deep on the TV.
Actually, please play it on the kitchen speaker.
OK, confirming to play Knee Deep on the kitchen speaker.
That will be good.
Playing the song now.
Thanks a lot.
Can i Do anything else?
No, thanks again.
Have a nice day.
Would you find some songs for me?
I have located 10 songs that you may enjoy. What about the album Halfway to Heaven with song Bottoms Up and sung by Brantley Gilbert?
In which genre is it?
The song is Country.
That's good. I want to listen to the song.
Please approve the following: Start song Bottoms Up on the TV.
Actually, no, go ahead and play it on the kitchen speaker.
Please approve the following details: Use the kitchen speaker to play Bottoms Up.
No, not that one, play it on the bedroom device.
Please approve the following: Use the bedroom speaker to play the song Bottoms Up.
Yep, that's right.
Began playing the song.
Thanks.
Do you need any more help?
Nope, thanks a lot.
Have a wonderful day.
Could you look up some songs for me?
Sure. I've found 10 you might like. How about Just Kiss Her by Concorde from the album Summer House?
That sounds like something I want to hear.
Should I play it now?
Yes. Please, go ahead.
Just confirming, I'm going to play Just Kiss Her on the TV.
That's right. You can play it.
Playing the song now.
What genre is this song?
It's classified as a Pop song.
Oh, okay. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can do?
Nope. That would be it. Thanks.
Have a great day!
I'm looking for some songs.
I found 10 songs you may like. How about Lost and Lonely by Aaron Lewis from the album Sinner?
Anything else? Any singer is fine.
I found 10 songs. How about Look What God Gave Her by Thomas Rhett from the album Center Point Road?
What genre is it?
It's a Country song.
Yeah, that's good.
Do you want to play it now?
Yeah.
Do you want me to play Look What God Gave Her on the TV?
Yes, that's right.
Okay, I'm playing it now.
Thanks.
Anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you.
Have a nice day.
Could you get me some songs to listen to, I like the album Home State, so maybe from there?
Do you like Singles You Up by Jordan Davis from the album Home State?
What kind of song is it?
It's from the Country genre.
I think that'll do.
Would you like me to play the song for you?
Yeah, play it on any device that's open.
I'll play the song Singles You Up on the TV, is that okay?
Yeah, that's fine by me.
The song is now playing.
Thanks, that's all for now.
Okay, have a good rest of the day.
I'm looking for songs on the Built On Glass album.
I found 1 song. There's Gold by Nick Murphy on Built On Glass.
Great.
Do you want to play it?
Sure on the kitchen speaker.
Please confirm: Play Gold on kitchen speaker.
That's right. What's the genre?
Playing now. It's electronica.
Thanks, that's all I wanted.
Have a nice day.
I'm looking for some songs to listen to.
There are 10 songs that you might enjoy. Would you like to listen to Weekend by Kane Brown from the album Experiment?
What kind of song is it?
It's from the Country genre.
I like the sound of that. Please play it.
I'll play Weekend on the TV, is that right?
No, I think I want to hear it on the kitchen speaker.
I'll play Weekend on the kitchen speaker, is that right?
I'm sorry, no. I actually want it played in my bedroom.
I'll play Weekend on the bedroom speaker, is that right?
Yeah, that's right.
The song has begun.
Thanks, that's it for now.
Okay, enjoy your day.
Would you find me some songs?
I have 10 songs that you should like. What about Salam Alaikum from the Salam album by Harris J?
Is there anything else?
How about White House Road by Tyler Childers in the album Purgatory?
I'm looking for something else. I like King of the Dancehall, and reggae songs.
I have 1 song that you should like. How about Colouring This Life by Vybz Kartel in the King Of The Dancehall?
That is perfect.
Should I play the music now?
Yeah, play it on my kitchen.
Please confirm that you want to listen to Colouring This life on the kitchen speaker.
No, actually, play it on my bedroom speaker.
So you want to play Colouring This life on the bedroom speaker?
Yeah, that is good.
I have started playing the song.
Thank you. I do not need anything else.
Have a great day.
I want to listen to music. Can you play me some?
Sure. How about I Lived It from the Blake Shelton album Texoma Shore?
That sounds perfect.
Should I play it now?
Yeah, please do.
Do you want me to play I Lived It on your TV?
Actually, could you put it on the kitchen speaker?
Sure. You want I Lived it on your kitchen speaker, right?
I changed my mind. Can you set it for my bedroom?
I Lived it should be played from your bedroom speaker?
Yeah, that's what I want.
Okay. It is now playing.
What kind of song is this?
It's Country music.
Thanks. I don't need anything else.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Hi, could you help me search for some Lady Gaga songs?
Sure, how about Always Remember Us This Way by Lady Gaga in her album A Star is Born Soundtrack?
Any alternatives? I would prefer Soundtracks songs in the album A Star is Born Soundtrack.
I have found 3 songs, one of which is Before I Cry by Lady Gaga in her album A Star is Born Soundtrack.
That sounds amazing.
Would you like me to play the song for you?
Sure, could you play it on my kitchen?
Please confirm your action to play Before I Cry on the kitchen speaker.
Could you play it on the bedroom speaker instead?
Please confirm your action to play Before I Cry on the bedroom speaker.
Sure, that's great.
Your music has started playing.
Sure, that's all the help I need.
No problem, see you next time.
I want to hear some music. I really like Reggae.
I found 10 songs you might like. How about Addicted from the album Where We Come From by Popcaan?
Sounds good.
Shall I play it now.
Yes. Put it on the kitchen speaker.
To be sure, you want to play Addicted on the kitchen speaker?
On second thought, play it on the bedroom speaker.
Okay. You would like to hear Addicted on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, that's right.
I will start the song.
Thanks. That'll do it for me.
Have a great day.
I would like to listen to Iggy Azalea 's songs.
I found 4 Iggy Azalea songs, What do you think about Black Widow from the album The New Classic?
Anything else, there are so many good songs in The New Classic.
What about Iggy Azalea 's song Bounce from the new classic?
Anything else you can find?
What about Iggy Azalea Change your life from the new classic?
What is the genre?
Its a pop song.
Perfect!
Want to play it now?
Yep. Play it in my kitchen.
Can you confirm Change your life on the kitchen speaker?
Yup.
Started the song for you.
Thanks!
Anything else I can do?
Nope, Thanks!
Have a great day!
My friends came to my house they need to hear some songs .Will you find me some songs? I like album To Whom It May Concern ,it consists of many good songs.
There are 2 songs according to your interest. How about the song The Struggle by Blacklite District in album To Whom It May Concern? whether you like this song?
ok , i need to know its genre.
It is a Rock Song
Ok that's great and it sounds good to me.
Can i play the music now?
Sure, Please play the music.
Ok please check and confirm the following details : Song name is The Struggle on TV
Ok its great but Change its device as Kitchen speaker
ok Please once again confirm the following details :play The struggle On Kitchen speaker
ok but sorry to say please change its device on speaker in the bedroom.
ok once again please check and confirm the following details: play the song The Struggle on Bedroom speaker
ok, that's great .Please play the song
Started playing the song
Thanks a lot for your help
take care have a great day
I want to find some new songs to listen to.
No problem! I recommend Fortunately I Met You by Witwisit Hiranyawongkul on their album Quarter. Does that interest you at all?
I don't know. What's the genre?
It's a pop song.
Nah. Can we try something else?
Sure! How about Younger by Ruel on their album Ready?
Oooh, that sounds fun!
Would you like me to play the song for you?
Yeah, on my kitchen speaker!
Okay! Can you confirm the following details, please? I'll play the song Younger on your kitchen speaker.
Wait, my roommate's home now. I need it on my speaker in the bedroom now.
No problem! Can you confirm the following details, please? I'll play the song Younger on your bedroom speaker.
Yup!
Your song is now playing!
What's the song genre?
It's a pop song.
Okay, thanks. That's all I need.
You're welcome! Have a good day!
Could you look for songs for me?
What about Best Friend by Jason Chen from his album Gravity?
What genre is the song?
It's a pop song.
Is there anything else you can find?
How about Raging by Kygo from the album Cloud Nine?
What genre is that one?
Raging is a downtempo song.
Can you give me something else please?
I found Bottoms Up by Brantley Gilbert for you. It's from the album Halfway To Heaven.
That sounds good, I'd like to play it.
Confirm: playing Bottoms Up on TV.
No, I'd like to play it on speaker in kitchen.
Okay confirming Bottoms Up playing on kitchen speaker.
Yeah, that's what I want.
The song will start now.
Thanks, that's great for now.
Have a great rest of the day.
I'm in the mood for music, can you find me some songs?
There are 10 songs for you. Do you want to start with Promises from the album Welcome Reality by Nero?
Yes, I would like that.
Would you like to start playing the song now?
Yes, very much so.
You want to play Promises on your TV, is that correct?
No. I want to hear it on the kitchen speaker.
You want to play Promises on the kitchen speaker, is that correct?
I changed my mind, play it on the speaker in the bedroom instead.
You want to play Promises on the bedroom speaker, is that correct?
Yes, that is what I want.
The song is now playing.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that is all, thank you.
It was my pleasure. Have a wonderful day.
I'm in the mood for some music, can you look for House songs for me?
There are 10 songs you might enjoy. How about Blocks by Marshmello from the album Joytime?
I dig it. Can you play it on the speaker in kitchen?
Just to make sure, you want to play Blocks on the kitchen speaker?
Wait, no, please play it on the bedroom device.
Just to make sure, you want to play Blocks on the bedroom speaker?
Yeah, that's where I want to hear it.
The song has begun.
Thanks, that's all the help I need.
Have a pleasant time.
Can you search some songs for me?
I searched 10 songs you may like. In album The Martin Garrix Experience what about song No Sleep by Martin Garrix
What about its genre?
That is a House song
Any thing else you have? i like the songs of Justin Bieber. Any album is ok for me.
I searched 3 songs you may like. In album Journals what about song All That Matters by Justin Bieber.
What about its genre?
This is a pop song
That is good. I like to play the song.
please give the confirmation details:play the song All That Matters on TV.
Ok. that is perfect.
Song started playing now.
Thank you very much.
Do you need any other help?
No, thanks a lot.
Have a wonderful day.
Please help me find songs from an album Bigger. I 'm not really in a good mood.
Would you like Babe by Sugarland from its album Bigger?
Hmm.Am not sure about its genre.
I think it is a Country song.
Ohh, that's nice.
Do you need help with anything else?
Please play the song Babe on the kitchen speaker. I think I have to cook my dinner.
Please do confirm the following details: Play the song Babe on the kitchen speaker.
I changed my mind, just play it on my bedroom speaker instead.
Alright. Please do confirm the following details: Play the song Babe on the bedroom speaker.
Yes. please.
The song has started playing.
Thank you, that's all for now.
Have a wonderful day!
I like songs by Ghost, could you find me some?
Would you consider the song Cirice by Ghost from his album Meliora?
Can you tell me what the genre is?
The song is metal.
What are some other options?
How about the song Dance Macabre by Ghost from the album Prequelle?
What else is there? I really like rock songs and I don't care about which album it is.
I've located 1 song that you might enjoy. How about He Is performed by Ghost from the album Meliora?
That's fantastic. I want to listen to the song from the device in my kitchen.
Please approve the upcoming details: Use the kitchen speaker to play song He Is.
No, change it to play on my bedroom.
Please approve the upcoming details: Use the bedroom speaker to play He Is.
Yep, that's right.
The song has started playing.
Thanks a lot.
Do you want me to help you with anything else?
No, thanks so much.
Hope you have a wonderful day.
I am in a mood to listen to songs like Jai Waetford 's songs. Maybe something in Pop.
There is 1 song you may want to listen. How about Shy from Jai Waetford of the album Heart Miles?
Fantastic, Play that song.
Let me confirm that you want to play Shy on TV.
Not really. I want it played on the kitchen device.
Let me confirm that you want to play Shy on the kitchen speaker.
That is right.
The song is playing.
Thanks. That is all.
Have a wonderful day.
Hi, could you help to find some songs for me?
I have found 10 songs you may like, one of which is Business Dinners by Sigrid in thee album Sucker Punch.
May I know it's genre?
It is a Pop song.
Do you have any alternatives?
How about Tennis Court by Lorde in his album Pure Heroine?
May I know it's genre?
It belongs to the Electropop genre.
Do you have any alternatives?
How about Thinkin Bout You by Ciara in her album Beauty Marks?
That sounds great!
Do you want me to play the music for you now?
Yes, that will be great.
Sure, please confirm your action to play Thinkin Bout You on TV.
Could you play it on the kitchen speaker instead?
Sure, please confirm your action to play Thinkin Bout You on the kitchen speaker.
Could you play it on my bedroom speaker instead?
Sure, please confirm your action to play Thinkin Bout You on the bedroom speaker.
That's great. Thank you.
Your music is currently being played.
May I know the genre of the song?
The song belongs to the Pop genre.
Sure, that's all I need. Thank you.
Have a great day ahead!
I want you to search for some songs for me.
Do ou like Mchat by Hoba Hoba Spirit on the Kamayanbaghi album?
Yes, that works for me.
Shall I start playing the song now?
Yes, play it now.
You want me to cast Mchat on your TV. Is that right?
Yes, that is right. Can you tell me what kind of music it is?
It is in the Rock genre and it is playing now.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need anything else?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
I am in a nice mood and I would like to listen some nice songs, I need you to search for the good one.
How about a song from the Album Genesis which name is Kara Kul by Mark Petrie?
Yes, I like it.
Okay, How can I help you further?
I like to hear the song now, can you play for me in my Kitchen device?
Yes, give me your confirmation to play Kara Kul on Kitchen speaker.
No, I have to go to bedroom now, please play it on the speaker in the bedroom.
Okay, please confirm to play Kara Kul on bedroom speaker.
Yes, that is correct, continue.
Song started playing and enjoy your day
Thanks a lot for your help
Any more help you need?
No, that's all for me.
Have a great day.
I'd like to listen to some music. I like the album Forever.
What about Silence by Popcaan from the Forever album?
What genre is that?
It's a reggae song.
I'd like something else. I like Popcaan.
What about Wine For Me by Popcaan from the Forever album?
What is the genre?
It's a reggae song.
That's a good one.
Would you like me to play the song?
Yes I do.
Play Wine For Me on your TV. Is this correct?
I want to hear it in my kitchen.
Play Wine For Me on kitchen speaker. Is this correct?
No. I want to hear it in my bedroom.
Play Wine For Me on bedroom speaker. Is this correct?
Yes.
The song has started.
Thank you. That is all.
Have a nice day.
Could you help me find some pop songs?
I managed to find 10 songs you might like, one of which is Adorn by Miguel in his album Kaleidoscope Dream.
Do you have any alternatives?
Would you like to listen to African Beauty by Diamond Platnumz in his album A Boy From Tandale instead?
Sure, could you play that?
Do you want to play it now?
Yes, please play it on the kitchen device.
Please confirm your action to play African Beauty on the kitchen speaker.
Could you play it on my bedroom speaker instead?
Please confirm your action to play African Beauty on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, that is confirmed.
Your song is currently being played.
Sure, thank you!
Could I further assist you?
No, that's all the help I need.
Thank you and have a great day ahead!
I ma looking for some good songs.
How about Love Lost by Mattia Cupelli from Reminiscence?
What about it's genre?
The genre is Soundtracks song.
Okay, That sounds great to me.
Would you like to play the song for you?
Okay, please play it on my kitchen speaker.
Please confirm: You want me to play Love Lost on kitchen speaker.
No. Please play it on my bedroom speaker.
Please confirm again: You want me to play Love Lost on bedroom speaker.
Yes, That is right.
Song is playing. Enjoy the music.
Okay, Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. That will be all. Thank you.
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day.
I am looking for some good music.
Have you heard of Wojenka by Lao Che of the Dzieciom album?
No. Do you have any Ariana Grande songs?
What about Be Alright by Ariana Grande of the Dangerous Woman album?
Never mind nothing by her either. How Ghost songs of the Meliora album?
I have 2 songs by Meliora album by Ghost. How about Cirice?
Yeah, that's the one.
Do you want me to play it for you?
Yes play that song.
Do you wan to hear Cirice on the TV?
Yeah, play it on the TV.
Okay, the song is playing.
Cool, thanks for all your help.
You are welcome. Bye.
I'd like to listen to some songs.
I found 10 songs you may like. How about Burn by Ellie Goulding in the album Halcyon?
What genre is it?
It's a Pop song.
Do you have anything else?
How about The Heart Wants What it Wants by Selena Gomez in the album For You?
What genre is it?
It's a Pop song.
What else you got?
One Last Time by Ariana Grande from the album My Everything?
That sounds good.
Do you want to play it now?
Yes, play it on my kitchen device.
So you want me to play One Last Time on the kitchen speaker?
Yes, that's right.
Okay, I'm playing it now.
What genre is it?
It's a Pop song.
Thanks. That's all I need.
Have a nice day.
I'd like to listen to some songs, help me look for some?
Now that I Found You by Carly Rae Jepsen from the album Dedicated might be something you'd like.
What type of song is it?
It's a Pop song.
Sounds right up my alley.
Do you want me to play the song?
Yeah, put it on the speaker in kitchen.
I'll put Now That I Found You on kitchen speaker, is that right?
Yeah, that's right.
The song has started playing.
Thanks, that's all the help I need.
Have a good rest of your day.
I'd like to listen to some music, preferably something from the album Undefined put out by Simply Three.
Here is 1 song you should enjoy: it is by Simply Three and it is off the Undefined album it is called Rain.
Perfect play it now.
Would you like Rain played on the TV?
Of course. What kind of music is it?
It's genre is Rock and the song has begun.
I appreciate your help but I won't be needing anything else.
Have a truly fine day.
Would you find me some Justin Bieber songs?
I have 3 songs that you should like. Do you want to listen to All That Matters by Justin Bieber in the album Journals?
That sounds good.
Shall I play the music?
Okay.
Please confirm that you want me to play All That Matters on TV.
Yes, that is right.
I put the song on.
Thank you. That is all I wanted.
Have a great day.
Hi, i need a help, I am interested to listening song, Especially i like Rock songs, Could you find me some songs in album Night Visions?
Sure, I will help you, I found 1 song for you, Do you like Radioactive by Imagine dragons in Night Visions?
Yes, i like that song
Can i play the song for you?
Yes, play it on tv
Please confirm the following details: play Radioactive on TV
Yes
Started playing your favorite song
Thank you very much for your help
you are welcome, Shall i help you with anything more?
No, thanks, bye
have a great day, bye
Can you locate some songs by Grimes on the Visions album?
Do you like Oblivion by Grimes on the Visions album?
Yes, I do. Cast the song on the kitchen speaker.
You want to cast Oblivion on your kitchen speaker. Is that right?
Yes, that is right.
Your song has started.
Thanks a lot. That is all.
Have a great day.
I'm looking for songs to listen to. Can you help me find some?
I found 10 songs that you may like. How about Mercy by Shawn Mendes from the album Illuminate?
What's the songs genre?
It is a pop song.
That sounds good to me.
Would you like to play the song now?
Sure. Play it in my kitchen please.
Please confirm: play Mercy on the kitchen speaker?
Yes, that's correct.
Started playing Mercy.
Thank you, that'll be all.
Have a good day.
Can you find me a country song?
I've found All On Me by Devin Dawson from the album Dark Horse.
What else you got?
What about All The Girls Wanna Ride by Jawga Boyz from the album Kuntry?
I like that. Play.
Please confirm: play All The Girls Wanna Ride on TV.
Play it on the speaker in kitchen.
Please confirm: play All The Girls Wanna Ride on kitchen speaker.
Make it my bedroom.
Please confirm: play All The Girls Wanna Ride on bedroom speaker.
Yes, that's right.
Song is now playing.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else?
No, that'll be it.
Have a good day.
Can you find me songs from the Charlie Puth album Voicenotes?
I found 2 songs including Attention from the Charlie Puth album Voicenotes.
Which genre is the song?
The song is pop.
What other songs are there?
There is a song on the Charlie Puth album Voicenotes called The Way I Am.
That is perfect.
Do you want to hear the song?
Yes please!
Please confirm you want to play The Way I Am on the TV.
Please play it on the speaker in kitchen.
Please confirm you want to hear The Way I Am on the kitchen speaker.
Actually, play it on the speaker in the bedroom.
Please confirm you want to play The Way I Am on the bedroom speaker.
That is correct. What is the genre?
The song is pop and is playing now.
Thank you very much.
May I further assist you?
No, that will be all.
See you soon!
Can you help me find some good tunes?
I have 10 great songs. Do you want to hear Open Up by Matt Simons off his album After The Landslide?
No, what else you got?
How about Latency by Martin Garrix of the The Martin Garrix Experience album?
No, Anything else?
How about Let It Be by Hayley Kiyoko off the Expectations album?
What genre is that artist?
She is a pop artist.
Alright cool, I will listen to that one.
You want me to play the song now?
Yeah, play it on the speaker in kitchen.
You said play Let It Be on the kitchen speaker?
Never mind, play it on the bedroom speaker.
Okay, I will will play Let IT Be on the bedroom speaker, cool?
Yeah that is cool.
Alright it is starting now.
Cool thanks for the help.
Did you need anything else?
No, I am good. Thanks again.
No problem. See you later.
I am looking for some songs. I particularly like Pop songs.
Okay, how about Adorn my Miguel from the album Kaleidoscope Dream?
What else is there? I like the songs from the album Loud.
I found 1 song that may work, it is California King Bed by Rihanna in the album Loud.
Yes, that works.
Would you like me to play the song now?
Yes, play it on the speaker in kitchen.
Okay, can you confirm you would like me to play the song California King Bed on the kitchen speaker?
No, play it on the bedroom speaker.
Okay, can you confirm you would like me to play the song California King Bed on the bedroom speaker?
Yes, that is correct.
I have started playing the song.
Thank you!
Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thank you
Have a great day.
I want to hear some Country songs.
I found 10. How about All on Me by Devin Dawson in Dark Horse?
What other choices do you have?
How about All The Girls Wanna Ride by Jawga Boyz in Kuntry?
Do you have anything in the album California Sunrise?
In the album California Sunrise, I have 2 songs. How about Head Over Boots by Jon Pardi?
Yes, I want that song.
Do you want to play it?
Yes I want to hear it.
Confirm Head Over Boots on the TV.
Play it on the kitchen speaker.
Confirm Head Over Boots on Kitchen speaker.
Play it in my bedroom.
Confirm Head Over Boots on bedroom speaker.
Yes I confirm all.
The song is starting.
That is all I need today.
Have a great day.
I came to know that a lot of good songs in the album The New Classic, can you find me some nice one by Iggy Azalea?
Yes, found 4, How about Black Widow by Iggy Azalea in the album the New Classic?
Yes, I like it.
Shall I play the song for you now?
Yes, I want to listen it now, do it for me.
need your final confirmation to play Black Widow on TV.
Yes, correct, go ahead. What kind of song is this?
This is a Pop song. Song started playing, enjoy it.
Thanks for the same and that's all.
Have a great day.
Can you find me songs from the album Unapologetic?
How about Pour it Up by Rihanna in Unapologetic?
What kind of music?
The genre is Pop.
I like pop songs.
Is there anything else you need?
Play the song please.
Please confirm on TV, the song Pour it Up.
I confirm and please play.
The song is starting.
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else?
That is all today.
Have a great day.
Can you find some songs for me? I like pop music best.
I have 10 songs for you. What about Adorn by Miguel from Kaleidoscope Dream?
That's perfect, please play it on the speaker in kitchen.
Okay, please confirm: playing Adorn on kitchen speaker.
Yeah, that's what I want.
Starting the song for you.
Thanks so much.
Is there anything more I can do to help?
No thanks, I'm good for right now.
Have a nice day.
I'd like to hear some songs.
What are your thoughts on Raging by Kygo from their album Cloud Nine?
That sounds good. Please play it on the speaker in kitchen.
Just to make sure, I will play Raging on the kitchen speaker.
Never mind that. Please play it on my bedroom speaker.
Okay. So, you want to play Raging on the bedroom speaker.
That's right. Go ahead.
I just started playing the song.
What genre is this music?
It's called a Downtempo song.
Oh, okay. Thanks. That's all.
Have a great day!
I am searching for new music to listen to, can you find me some songs?
Would you like to hear Business Dinners from the album Sucker Punch by Sigrid?
What genre is that song?
The song is considered Pop.
I really like Country songs, do you have anything else?
I have 10 more songs that you might enjoy. What about All On Me from the album Dark Horse by Devin Dawson?
That sounds perfect. I would love to hear that song.
You want to play All On Me on your TV?
Yes, that is right.
The song is now playing.
Thank you very much for all you help.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that is all. Thank you again.
I am happy to help. Have a great day.
I want to listen to some music.
How about Shy by Jai Waetford from the album Heart Miles?
No, not that. What else?
How about Get Lucky by Daft Punk fromthe album Random Access Memories.
What kind of mucis is that?
It is a Punk song.
Ok. Thta sounds good.
Would you like to listen to it now?
Yes I would.
SHall I plpay Get Lucky on TV?
Yes. that's right.
Your selection is playing.
Thanks.
Do you need anything else?
I need you to stop talking while my song is playing!
Let me know if you require anything else.
Can you find any songs for me please?
I found I Like It by Enrique Iglesias from his album Euphoria.
Can you keep looking? I enjoy Cody Jinks' songs, and I really like country songs.
I found 2 possible tracks for you. How about Cast No Stones by Cody Jinks from his Adobe Sessions album?
That sounds great, please play it on the speaker in kitchen.
Confirm: playing Cast No Stones on the kitchen speaker.
I changed my mind, please play it on bedroom speaker.
Confirming that you would like to play Cast No Stones on bedroom speaker.
Yep, that's perfect.
The song will start playing.
Thanks, that's all the help I need.
No problem, have a good one.
I'm looking for some Pop songs, help me out.
Have you considered Adorn by Miguel from the album Kaleidoscope Dream?
Do you have anything else, how about Dancehall songs, I think I would prefer that?
There's 1 song you might enjoy. How about Summer Time by Vybz Kartel from the album The Gaza Don?
Yeah, I like that, play it for me.
You'd like me to play Summer Time on the TV, is that correct?
Yeah, please do.
I've started playing it.
Thanks, that's all I need help with.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I want to play some Rock songs. Can you find me any?
I can show you 10 songs you might want to listen. How about Are You Ready by Disturbed from the album Evolution?
That sounds good.
Shall I play the song now?
Yes. Can you play it on the speaker in kitchen, please.
Let me make sure that you want to play Are You Ready on the kitchen speaker?
Yes, that is right.
The song has started playing.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else you need help with?
Not at all. Thanks.
Have a wonderful day!
Can you help me with some songs?
I found 10 songs for you. How about Promises by Nero on their Welcome Reality album?
What genre is it?
It's dubstep.
I like pop music, try the Sunset Season album.
How about Generation Why by Conan Gray on the Sunset Season album?
What else do you have?
There's Lookalike by Conan Gray on Sunset Season.
Great, play that one on any available device.
Please confirm: Play Lookalike on tv.
Play it on the kitchen device instead.
Please confirm: Play Lookalike on kitchen speaker.
Right.
Playing now.
Thanks.
What else can I help you with?
Nothing, thanks.
Have a nice day.
Hi i need a help, i am Interested in listening songs, I like Jason Aldean, Could you find some songs for me?
Do you like Dirt Road Anthem by Jason Aldean in album My Kinda Party?
Yes, I would like to play that song
please confirm the following details: play Dirt Road Anthem on tv
No, not on tv, play it on speaker in kitchen
please confirm the following details: play Dirt Road Anthem on Kitchen speaker
Yes, you are right
The song started playing on kitchen speaker, Shall i help you with anything more?
No, thank you very much for your help, That's all i need.
you are welcome, Have a wonderful day.
I'm feeling a little down today. Can you play some music, maybe that will lift my spirits.
Sure, how does the song Broken Arrows by Avicii from the album Stories sound to you?
Not quite what I'm looking for, what else do you have?
How about the song titled Whore by the band In This Moment, from the album Blood?
That sounds like just what I need to lift my spirits.
Is there anything else I can help you with right now?
Yes, can you please play that song on the kitchen speaker while I find something to eat?
No problem. So you want me to play the song Whore on the kitchen speaker, is that right?
Yes, the information you have is correct?
Okay, I will begin playing that for you.
Can you tell me what genre that song is?
That song is considered to be a Metalcore song.
Okay, thanks for the information and help.
Is there anything else I can find or do for you at the moment?
No, that will be all for now, thanks.
Have yourself a great day.
I would like to search music please. Let's do Rock, give me a variety.
OK, May I suggest a song off the album Evolution by Disturbed, called Are You Ready?
Nah, Give me more options please.
Alright, how about Be Somebody of The End Is Where We Begin album by Thousand Foot Krutch.
I don't think so. Let's try some Country songs.
Alright, How about All On Me, off the Dark Horse album by Devin Dawson?
Yes, that sound great. Let's play it now.
OK, please confirm: Play All On Me, on the TV. Is that right?
No wait. Play on speaker in kitchen.
OK, Please confirm: play All On Me on kitchen speaker. is this right?
No. I changed my mind. Play on bedroom speaker please.
Ok, please confirm: play All On Me on bedroom speaker. Is that right?
Yes. That's right.
OK, great. Music has started.
Thanks, that will be all for now.
Your welcome, have a great day.
Can you give me a hand finding some music?
How about Without Me from the album Covers by Alec Chambers?
Can you find me some Pop music instead?
I've got 10 options from my first search: how about Adorn from the album Kaleidoscope Dream by Miguel?
What else is there?
African Beauty from the album A Boy From Tandale, by Diamond Platnumz could be good.
I'll try that.
Would you like to play the song now?
Yeah, play it on the kitchen device.
You'd like to play African Beauty on the kitchen speaker?
Yeah, do that.
Alright, here you go.
Thanks, that's great.
Enjoy your music.
I'm looking for some songs. I'm a fan of Kolohe Kai.
Do you like the song First True Love by Kolohe Kai from the album Love Town?
What kind of song is it?
It's a Reggae song.
Okay, cool. Can you play the song on the kitchen device.
I'll play First True Love on the kitchen speaker, is that right?
No, actually, can you play it on my bedroom speaker?
I'll play First True Love on your bedroom speaker, is that right?
Yes, that's right.
The song has begun.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need me for anything else?
No, thanks again.
Okay, enjoy your day.
I need help finding some songs. I'm into Meghan Trainor and Pop songs in general.
How about All About That Bass by Meghan Trainor off her album Title?
That sounds pretty good.
Want to give it a listen now?
Sure, why not.
Just to make sure, you want to listen to All About that Bass on TV.
You got it.
Your music has begun!
Thanks a lot.
Anything else I can help out with?
Not right now thanks.
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Can you find me some Olly Murs songs from the album You know I know?
I found 1 song you might enjoy, how about Moves by Olly Murs on You Know I know.
What kind of music is it?
It's pop music.
Perfect, play it on any device.
Moves on the TV, is that correct?
No cast it to the speaker in kitchen please.
Moves on the kitchen speaker, correct?
Yes that's great.
Playing your song now.
Thank you very much.
Can I do anything else for you?
No that's all.
Have a great day.
I'd like to hear some music from Billy Watman off his album Cryptic.
1 song you may enjoy off the Cryptic album by Billy Watman Bohemian Rhapsody.
What category of music is that considered?
It is refereed to as Pop.
Cool, good one.
Would you like the song put on right now/
Absolutely.
Do you want to listen to Bohemian Rhapsody on the TV?
No I want to clean the kitchen so put it on the kitchen device.
You want me to cast Bohemian Rhapsody on to the kitchen speaker right?
No, the cleaning can wait, I want to lay down, so I'll listen to it on the bedroom speaker.
Your choice of location for hearing Bohemian Rhapsody is the bedroom speaker correct?
That will do.
The song is now playing.
You can go now, thank you.
Have a super good day.
Could you play some music for me?
I found 10 songs for you. What about Yeah Boy by Kelsea Ballerini from the The First Time album?
I want something else. I like Rock music.
I found 10 songs for you. What about Are You Ready by Disturbed from the Evolution album.
I want something else.
What about Be Somebody by Thousand Foot Krutch from the The End Is Where We Begin album?
That's a good one. I want to hear it. Play it through speaker in kitchen.
Play Be Somebody on kitchen speaker. Is this correct.
Yes.
The song has started.
Thanks for your help.
Would you like anything else?
No. Thanks for the help.
Have a nice day.
Can you find me some music to listen to?
What about Maximize by Amaranthe from Maximalism?
What else can you find? Any singer?
How about Serendipity by Albert Posis on Higher?
What else can you find? There are a bunch of songs from After the Landslide.
I found 1 you might like, Open Up by Matt Simons on After the Landslide.
What genre is it?
It's pop music.
That's perfect, play it on any device please.
Open Up on TV, is that correct?
No cast it to the kitchen device please.
Open up on the kitchen speaker, is that correct?
Yes that is perfect.
Playing Open Up now.
Thank you for the music!
Can I do anything else for you.
No that will be all.
Have a great day.
I want to find a good Country song to hear.
I have 10. How about All On Me by Devin Dawson from Dark Horse?
Do you have others?
How about All the Girls Wanna Ride by Jawga Boyz from Kuntry.
Do you have songs from Morgan Wallen?
I found 3 songs. From Morgan Wallen, I have The Way I talk from If I know me.
I want to hear that song.
Please confirm The Way I Talk on the TV.
Thanks that is confirmed.
The song is starting.
That is all I need
Have a great day.
I want to hear some songs by Charlie Puth.
Would you like to hear Attention from the album Voicenotes by Charlie Puth?
Yes, could you play that on the kitchen device?
Please confirm the following: play Attention from the album Voicenotes by Charlie Puth on the kitchen speaker.
No. Could you play in on my bedroom speaker?
Please confirm the following: play Attention from the album Voicenotes by Charlie Puth on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, that's what I want.
Begin playing the song.
By the way, what is this song's genre?
It is considered a Pop song.
Oh, okay. Thanks.
May I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Enjoy the music.
I need to find a song for a party. I'd like a song by Major Lazer from '15.
I managed to find 1 song for you by Major Lazer. The song is called Light It Up from the album Essentials. What do you think?
What kind of song is it?
The song is Moombahton.
Yes that's great.
Should I play the song?
Yes please.
I will be playing Light It Up on the TV. Is that correct?
Yes that's perfect.
Hope you enjoy the song.
Thanks! That's all I needed.
Enjoy your day.
I'd like to hear a song. I like songs in the album The Getaway.
How about Dark Necessities by Red Hot Chili Peppers from the album The Getaway?
Is that from nine years ago?
The song is from 2016.
Ah, alright, that's the one.
Would you like to hear the song?
Yes please, play it on the kitchen speaker.
So you'd like to play Dark Necessities on Kitchen speaker?
Yes, please do.
The song has begun.
What genre is it?
It is Pop.
Thank you, that's all I needed.
Have a nice day.
Can you recommend me a song? I like songs by Frank Ocean.
I have 4 suggestions. How about Ivy by Frank Ocean in the album Blonde?
Do you have other suggestions? I enjoy Pop songs.
I have 3 suggestions. How about Nights by Frank Ocean in the album Blonde?
Yes, that sounds good.
Should I play the song?
Yes, please do.
So I should play Nights on the TV?
Yes, please do.
The song has begun. Enjoy.
Thanks!
Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you, that will be all.
Have a nice day.
Can you play a Pop song?
Do you want to listen to Adorn by Miguel from the album Kaleidoscope Dream.
Is Adorn a song from 2016?
No, it's from the year 2012.
Do you have another song?
There is African Beauty by Diamond Platnumz from the album A Boy From Tandale.
Is it from one years back?
The song is from 2018.
Yes, I would like to listen to that song.
African Beauty to play on the TV?
No, on the speaker in the kitchen.
African Beauty playing on the Kitchen speaker.
Yes, that is correct.
Enjoy your song African Beauty.
Thank you for your assistance.
Is there anything else you need?
No, that is all thank you.
Have a good day.
I would like to search for a song please.
Sure, How does Before I leave by Jah Cure off the album World Cry sound?
Yes, that is the one I wanted to hear.
Great, please confirm: play Before I Leave on TV. Is this correct?
Yes it is. play music please
Ok, Music is confirmed
Tell me what kind of music is this and what year did it come out?
This is from 2010. This is a Reggae song.
Ok, thank you .
your welcome. Have a great day
I'm looking for a song by Jimmie Allen. Do you have anything from the album Mercury Lane?
I found 1 song for you. Best Shot by Jimmie Allen from the album Mercury Lane.
Yeah, that's what I was looking for.
Do you want to play this song?
Sure. Play it on the speaker in the kitchen.
So play Best Shot on the the Kitchen speaker?
Yes, that's right.
Enjoy your music.
Thanks. That's all I need.
Have a nice day.
I would like to listen some nice songs and generally I love to hear Metal type of songs, can you search the one for me?
Yes, can you tell whether Born For Greatness by Papa Roach in the Album Crooked Teeth is okay for you?
this is nice, but I need to search more, please get me some other songs.
What about Cirice by Ghost in album Meliora which is the nice one and definitely liked by you?
Let me know the year in which this song was released? just asking for my reference only.
This song was from the year 2015, is that detail is enough?
Yes, enough and also I like the song, can you play it for me?
Yes, I need your confirmation to play Cirice on your TV.
Yes, confirmed. do it now.
song started playing and enjoy the same.
Thanks for your work and that's all I need from you.
Have a great day.
I'd like to find a song in the album Crooked Teeth.
I've found 2 songs. How about Born For Greatness by Papa Roach in the album Crooked Teeth?
What genre of music is it? It his song from eight years back?
It's a Metal song from 2017.
What's the other song?
How about Help by Papa Roach in the album Crooked Teeth?
Yes, that's the one I'm looking for!
Would you like me to play it?
Yes, please.
So you'd like me to play Help on TV?
Yes, sounds good.
The song has begun, please enjoy.
Thanks, that's all I wanted.
Have a nice day.
I want to hear a song from nine years back.
How about Alone by Alan Walker from the album Different World?
What genre of music is that?
It's labeled as a Pop song.
Okay, that one will work. Please play it on the Kitchen speaker.
To confirm: You want to play Alone on the Kitchen speaker.
Sorry, no. Please play it on the speaker in the bedroom.
Okay. So, I'll play the song Alone on the Bedroom speaker.
That's right. Please go ahead.
Sure. Enjoy the music!
Thanks. That's all for now.
Have a wonderful day!
I want to find a song. Could you find me something from '10?
What about Alone by Alan Walker from Different World?
Yes, that is good. I would like to listen to music. Could you cast it on the kitchen device?
Please confirm that you would like Alone on the kitchen speaker.
No, put it on the bedroom speaker actually.
So you want to play Alone on the bedroom speaker?
Yes, that is right. What sort of music is it?
It is a pop song. Please enjoy!
Thanks!
Could I help you with anything else?
No, that is all.
Enjoy your day!
I feel like listening to some music.
I feel like you'd enjoy the music of Ben Rector. His song Love Like This from the album Magic is a good one.
How recent is it? From around '15? What genre?
It is a pop song from 2018.
I'll give it a listen. Can you play it from my kitchen speaker?
You want me to play Love Like This from your kitchen speaker?
That is correct.
Enjoy the song.
Many thanks! That's all I need.
Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a song that could make me happy.
I have found 10 songs that you might like from In This Moment, the song is Sick Like me from the album Black Widow.
Do you have anything else? I haven't heard of that.
How about Yeah BOy by Kelsea Ballerini in the album The First Time?
Please look for something else.
How about the song of Lady Gaga Before I cry from her album A Star Is Born Soundtrack?
Am not sure of its genre, was it from '14?
Its a latest song, released year 2018. It's a Soundtracks song.
Okay, that's good. I think it'll help me.
Would you like me to play the song for you?
Yes, please.
Please do confirm the following details: Play the song Before I Cry on the TV.
All good, yes!
Enjoy your music, hope you'll feel better.
Thank you so much. I appreciate it.
Do you need help with anything else?
No,that would be all. Thank you!
Have a wonderful day!
Hello, my media player is dead. I wish to hear some good songs from the album Oxford in some portable device. Can you find one and play it?
Sure. There is 1 song for you. It's Annie by Connar Moon from the album Oxford. Do you wish to hear?
Is it a Rock or Pop song? When was it's release?
It's a Folk song released in the year 2018.
Okay! Please play this song.
Can you confirm me that you wish to listen the song Annie on TV, right?
I acknowledge you that the information is correct.
Thanks. Have a nice time hearing to the music.
Thank you for finding me a good song. I'm done with.
Have a wonderful day.
I would like to find a song.
What about a song by Lady Gaga from A Star is Born Soundtrack called Look What I found?
When was it released?
It is from 2018.
What is the genre?
It is a soundtracks song.
OK, sounds good.
Shall I play it?
Yes, on the speaker in the kitchen.
OK, confirming to play Look What I Found on the kitchen speaker.
Please change it to the speaker in the bedroom.
OK, confirming to play Look What I found on the bedroom speaker.
That is correct.
Have fun listening.
I am sure I will.
Is there anything else you need?
No, thanks again.
Have a nice day.
I am looking to listen to a good song from any artist.
I found 10 songs. How about John Wayne from the album Joanne by Lady Gaga.
I like Pop song and there are many in the album Title.
I found 1 song. From Title, I have All about that bass by Meghan Trainor.
I like that one.
Would you like to hear this song?
Yes I want to hear it.
Please confirm All about that Bass to cast on TV.
Cast it on the kitchen device.
Confirm All about that Bass on Kitchen Speaker.
Cast it on Bedroom speaker.
Confirm All about that Bass on Bedroom speaker.
Yes please cast it now.
Enjoy the music today.
That is all I need.
Thanks and have a good day.
I would like to play a song.
I have 10 songs. How about a Mitchell Tenpenny song called Drunk me on the Telling All My Secrets album.
Sure, please play it on the speaker in the kitchen.
OK, confirm playing Drunk Me on the kitchen speaker.
Yes, that's perfect.
Enjoy the song!
is this from '19?
Actually, it is from 2018?
What is the genre?
It is Country.
OK, thanks again.
Have a nice day.
I would like to hear a Passenger song.
I found 1 song, Let Her Go by Passenger from All The Little Lights.
What genre is it?
It's pop music.
From which year?
It came out in 2010.
Yes, that is what I want to hear.
Yes please play it.
Okay just a moment.
Let her Go cast to the TV, is that correct?
No please cast to my kitchen speaker.
Let Her Go cast to the kitchen speaker, is that correct.
Yes that is perfect.
Enjoy your song.
Thank you, that's all I needed.
Have a great day.
Hello, could you recommend me a nice song to listen to? Thanks!
Would you like to listen to Must Be The Whiskey by Cody Jinks in the albume Lifers?
May I know the genre of the song?
This is a Country song.
Do you have alternatives, I would prefer ones from Sugarland.
I managed to find 1 song for you, which is Babe by Sugarland for the labum Bigger.
Yes, that's the one I was looking for!
Would you like me to play this song for you?
Could you play it on the Kitchen speaker for me please?
Sure, please confirm your action to play Babe on the Kitchen speaker.
Sorry, I've changed my mind. Please play it on the bedroom device instead.
No problem. Please confirm your action to play Babe on the Bedroom speaker.
Sure, that sounds great!
Enjoy listening to your music!
Thank you very much.
Do you require further help?
No, that's all the help I need.
Thank you and have a great day ahead!
I am in a need to listen some music and I like Pop songs, please search the one for me.
How about a song Adorn by Miguel in album Kaleidoscope Dream? which I think is the good one.
Can you tell me the year in which the song was released.
Yes, it was released on 2012
Search for something else.
What about African Beauty by Diamond Platnumz in album A Boy From Tandale? Hope you will like it.
Can you search some other songs from the year 2014?
Yes, found 10 and the best one is Be My Baby by Ariana Grande in the album My Everything. What about your opinion?
That would be perfect and please play it for me now.
Please confirm to play the song Be My Baby on TV.
Yes, that is okay, go ahead.
Started playing the song on TV, enjoy.
Thanks a lot
Any other help?
No, thanks, that's all.
Have a great day.
I'm looking to listen to some music. Something from the album Badlands maybe?
How about Colors by Halsey, from their album Badlands?
Ok. What genre is that? When did they release it?
It's an Electropop song from 2015.
Yeah that's good
Shall I play it?
Yes
Please confirm: play the song Colors on TV
Yes that's right
Your music is playing now
Thanks so much
Always here to help
I am looking for a song to listen to.
How about I want you by Taylor Parks from We Need to talk?
Which year was it released?
It was released in 2019.
What else can you find?
How about Still Ridin Shotgun from Outlaw Soul by Tyler Wood?
What else can you find, maybe from '16?
What about Another Day of Sun by La la Land Cast from La La Land?
What type of music?
It is a soundtracks genre song.
That's what I want to hear.
Would you like me to play this song?
Yes to my kitchen speaker.
Another Day of Sun on kitchen speaker, correct?
Yes that is great.
Please enjoy your music.
Thanks that is all I need.
Have a great day.
Can you help me find a song?
How about Lotus Flower by Radiohead, in the album The King of Limbs?
Do you have other suggestions? I like Shawn Mendes, and I like all genres.
How about Aftertaste by Shawn Mendes, in the album Handwritten?
When did the song come out?
The song is from 2015.
Sounds good, I'd like to play it.
Should I play Aftertaste on the TV?
No, on the kitchen device, please.
So I should play Aftertaste on the kitchen speaker?
Actually, no, in my bedroom please.
So I should play Aftertaste on the bedroom speaker?
Yes, that's right.
The song has begun.
Thanks, that's all I needed.
Have a nice day.
I want to find a song and I especially like rock songs.
I came up with 10 possible songs. What about Are You Ready by Disturbed, from the album Evolution.
When did that song come out?
It came out last year in 2018.
Anything else? I want something released in '12.
How about Be Somebody? It's by Thousand Foot Krutch from the album The End Is Where We Begin.
What else is there? I'm okay with any album.
I found 5 songs you might like. What about Courtesy Call by Thousand Foot Krutch, again from The End Is Where We Begin.
Yeah, that sounds good.
Should I play the song for you?
Yes, please play it.
Please confirm: playing Courtesy Call on TV.
No, actually cast it on my kitchen device.
Okay, confirm you would like to play Courtesy Call on kitchen speaker.
Yeah, that's exactly right.
Enjoy the song!
Thanks, that's all for now.
Have a lovely day.
I'm searching for music.
What's your opinion about Just Kiss Her by Concorde in the album Summer House?
Do you have other music? I like all types of songs.
I discovered 10 music for you. What's your opinion about Pyramid by Jake Zyrus in the album Charice?
When did the music get released?
The music is from 2010.
That's perfect for me. I'd like to the song; play it on speaker in the kitchen.
Please verify the following information: cast the song Pyramid on Kitchen speaker.
Yeah, that's right.
Have fun with your music.
Thank you for your help!
Do you require me to assist you with something else?
No, thank you for your assistance!
Have a pleasant afternoon.
I want to listen to a song.
What about Pyaw Nay Par by Kaung Kaung from the A Soe Htae Ka A Kaung album?
What year is it from? What genre is the music?
It's from 2018. It's a pop song.
That's the one then.
Do you want to listen to it/
Yes. Play it on any device.
You want to listen to Pyaw Nay Par on your TV. Is this right?
No. Play it on my kitchen speaker.
You want to listen to Pyaw Nay Par on your kitchen speaker. Is this right?
Yes, that is right.
The song is now playing.
Thank you for your help.
Do you need help with anything else?
No thanks.
Have a nice day.
Can you find me country songs by Shailesh Premi?
There is 1 song by Shailesh Premi from the album Maza mar Liya Dhori Ke Niche. Do you want to listen to Lahnga Lasar Ke?
When was it released?
It is a recent song from 2019.
Yes, I'd like to listen to it on any device.
Proceeding to play the song Lahnga Lasar Ke on TV.
Actually, I'd prefer to listen it on the speaker in the kitchen.
No problem. Playing Lahnga Lasar Ke on Kitchen speaker.
Right. That's perfect.
Started playing the song. Enjoy your music!
Thank you. That's all I need for now.
Have a great day!
I'd like to find a song, please.
Okay, no problem! How about Burning Man by Dierks Bentley from his album The Mountain?
What kind of music is it?
It's a country song.
Is it a new or old song?
It's new. It came out in 2018.
Okay, that sounds fine. Can you play it for me?
Absolutely! Can you confirm the following details, please? I'll play Burning Man on your TV.
No, on my kitchen device, please.
Okay, my apologies! Can you confirm the following details, please? I'll play the song Burning man on your kitchen speaker.
Yes.
Enjoy your music!
Thanks! That's all.
You're welcome! Have a good day!
Help me find a song to listen to
I found 10 songs you might like. How about the song One Last Time by Ariana Grande from her album My Everything?
What kind of song is that? Is it from the year '14
Yes it's from 2014 and it's a Pop song.
Yeah that's a good one then
Want me to play it?
Sure please do.
Playing One Last Time on your TV
No, not the TV, play it on my kitchen speaker
Playing One Last Time on your Kitchen Speaker
Yes thank you
Enjoy the song.
Thanks, that's all for now
Have a good one
I want to change my mood around so I'm looking for a song.
I have 10 possible songs for you. What about Another Day Of Sun from the album La La Land by La La Land Cast?
Yes, that sounds perfect. I am eager to listen to music, could you play the song on the speaker in the kitchen?
You want to play Another Day Of Sun on the Kitchen speaker, is that correct?
No, I want to hear it from the bedroom device.
You want to play Another Day Of Sun on the Bedroom speaker?
Yes, that's what I want.
The song is now playing, enjoy.
Thank you, much appreciated.
Would you like help with anything else?
That is everything, thank you again.
My pleasure. Have a great day.
Can you find me a Pop song?
Do you like the song Adorn by Miguel on the Kaleidoscope Dream album?
Was it made five years back?
It was released in 2012.
I want that one.
Shall I play the song for you?
Yes, play it on the speaker in the kitchen.
You want me to cast the song Adorn on the Kitchen speaker. Is that right?
No, I want it playing in my bedroom.
You want me to cast the song Adorn on the Bedroom speaker. Is that right?
Yes, that is right.
Your song has begun. Enjoy!
Thanks a lot.
Do you need anything more?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
I want to find a song.
I found a song. The song is Miss Me More by Kelsea Ballerini from the album Unapologetically.
What are some other songs? I like Pop.
I found 10 songs that match your request. What about Adorn by Miguel from the album Kaleidoscope Dream.
Can you find a song from '18.
I found 10 songs from '18. What about African Beauty by Diamond Platnumz from the album A Boy From Tandale.
Yes, please. I want to listen.
Please confirm: Playng African Beauty on the TV.
No, play it on the kitchen speaker.
Please confirm: Playing African Beauty on the kitchen speaker.
Yes, thank you.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Thanks so much!
Anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all.
Have a great day.
I'm searching for music. That are plenty of wonderful music in the album Dzieciom.
I discovered 1 music for you. What's your opinion about Wojenka by Lao Che in the album Dzieciom?
That's perfect for me. I'd like to listen to songs; play it on kitchen device.
Please verify the following information: cast the music Wojenka on Kitchen Speaker.
Yeah, that's right.
Have fun with your music.
What sort of song it it?
It's rock music.
When did the music get released?
The music is from 2015.
Thank you for your assistance?
Do you require my assistance with anything else?
Nope, thank you for your assistance.
Have a pleaasant afternoon.
I want to hear some nice songs and I need your help.
Found a song Lady Luck by Jamie Woon which is in the album Mirrorwriting.
Check it whether it is from nine years ago.
It is from the year 2011, Is that okay?
Yes, that is okay for me.
Shall I play the song for you now?
Yes, I like to listen in my Kitchen, please play it on my Kitchen speaker.
please confirm to play Lady Luck on Kitchen speaker.
Yes, that is confirmed, let me know the genre of this song.
It is Electronica song and song was started playing.
Thank you for your help
Any more work you need from me?
No, that's all I need.
Have a great day.
I want to find a song. Maybe something from the album Gravity, it has lots of good songs.
I found 2 songs you may like. What about Best Friend by Jason Chen from Gravity?
What genre is it?
This one is a pop song.
What year was it released?
The song was released in 2011.
Yeah, that's right.
Do you want me to play it?
Yes, go for it.
Confirm: playing the song Best Friend on TV.
Actually, can you cast it to my kitchen speaker?
Okay, please confirm: playing Best Friend on kitchen speaker.
Changed my mind again, play it on my bedroom speaker.
Please confirm that you would like to play the song Best Friend on bedroom speaker.
Yep, that's what I want.
Hope you enjoy the song.
Thanks so much! That's all I need.
Have a nice day.
Can you songs for me particularly by Hurts.
There is 1 song Wonderful Life bu Hurts from the album Happiness. will it do?
The year and genre of music please.
Its a 2010 Pop song.
That will do, Please cast it on my kitchen speaker.
Please confirm the details, you asked for Wonderful Life on Kitchen speaker.
Thats correct, go on.
It started, Enjoy it.
Thank you, great help.
Have a wonderful day.
I'm searching for a music.
What is your opinion on African Beauty by diamond Platnumz in the album A Boy From Tandale?
What sort of song is it, and when did it come out?
The song is from 2018 and is pop music.
Yeah, that's perfect. I'd like to listen to the song.
Please verify the following information: play the music African Beauty on TV.
Yeah, that's right.
Have fun with your music.
Thank you for your help; that's all.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
I want to hear some music.
Sure. I see 10 songs you might enjoy. How about No More from the Disturbed album Evolution?
Seems familiar. That song's from 2015, right?
No, it is a 2018 song.
Ah. Sounds good. Can you play that song from my kitchen device?
Sure. You want to hear No More from your Kitchen speaker, right?
Yeah, that's what I want.
I hope you like the song.
Thanks a lot!
Do you need assistance with anything else?
That's all, thanks!
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I am looking for a song
What about the song Before I Leave from the album World Cry by Jah Cure
Yes that's a good song, cast it on my kitchen speaker
Confirming that I'll play the song Before I leave on the kitchen speaker
Yes that's good
OK enjoy your song
What kind of music is that, is it a song from eight years back?
Yup, it's a Reggae song from the year 2010
OK, that's all then!
Have a great one!
I am searching for a song. Album Loser has so many nice songs.
I searched and found 1 songs for you. What is your opinion about Older by Sasha Sloan in Loser album?
In which year it gets released?
It is released in the year 2018.
What type of genre is it?
It is a Pop song.
Yes. That is it. I wish to listen the music. You may play it on any device.
Kindly ensure that, the song Older is played on TV.
Yes. It is good.
Have a delightful day with music.
Thank you so much.
Do you need any other help for me?
Nope.Thank you so much.
Have a fantastic day.
Will you help me find a song one years back from the album Magic?
I found 1 song. How about Love Like This by Ben Rector from the album Magic?
Sounds great.
Do you want me to play it?
Yes.
Please confirm Love Like This playing on TV.
That's great. What genre is it?
Pop.
Thanks.
Anything else?
No, thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
I want to hear some pop music.
Would you like to hear Adorn from the album Kaleidoscope Dream by Miguel? I also have 10 other songs.
That sounds like a good one. Could you play it on the speaker in the kitchen?
Please confirm the following: Play the song Adorn from the album Kaleidoscope Dream by Miguel on the kitchen speaker.
No, could you please play it on the bedroom speaker?
Please confirm the following: Play the song Adorn from the album Kaleidoscope Dream by Miguel on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, that's good. Is this the album from one years ago?
No, that album was released in 2012.
Thanks, that's all I needed.
Enjoy your music.
I want to listen to a song, maybe something by Scotty Sire because I really like his music.
I've found 1 song. It's called Take Me Away by Scotty Sire from the album Ruin Your Party.
What's the genre of music? Was it made in '18?
It's a Pop song from 2018.
Okay. Yeah, that's the song.
Do you want me to play it?
Yes. Please play it on my kitchen speaker.
Just to make sure, you want to play Take Me Away on the Kitchen speaker.
Actually, no. Please play it on my bedroom device.
Sure. You want to play Take Me Away on the Bedroom speaker.
That's right. Go ahead.
It's playing now. Enjoy!
Thank you so much.
Do you need anything else?
Nope. That will be it.
Have a wonderful day!
I want to hear a song.
I found 10 songs including Into You from the Ariana Grande album Dangerous Woman.
What other songs are there?
Do you like High from the Sivik album Winter Collection?
Do you have any songs by Iggy Azalea?
Do you like Black Widow from the Iggy Azalea album The New Classic?
I like that song. Please play it now.
Please confirm you want to play Black Widow on the TV.
That is perfect.
Enjoy the song!
Thank you, that will be all.
See you soon!
I'm looking for a song I like by Selena Gomez.
I've found 2 songs. Would you like to hear Love Will Remember by Selena Gomez from the album Stars Dance?
Sure, that one will work.
Do you want me to play it?
Yes, please. Go ahead.
Alright. To confirm, I will play Love Will Remember on the TV.
Correct, that will be just fine.
Playing the song now. Enjoy!
What genre of music is this again?
It's labeled as a Pop song.
Oh, okay. Thank you so much.
Do you need anything else?
Nope. That will be all.
Have a great day!
Hey! I am so happy today that I feel like listening to some good music. Could you find me one?
Hey! Do you wish to hear the song Royal Beggars from the album Holy Hell by British Metalcore Band Architects that was released in 2018.
Do you have other song collections for I like to hear songs composed by Justin Bieber.
Okay! Lemme search for you.... Hey! I can find 3 songs for you... Do you wish to hear the song All That Matters from the album Journals by Justin Bieber?
Yup! I'm looking for that only....
Can I play the song for you?
Yup! Please play it on my kitchen device.
Please can you confirm me that you wish to play the song All That Matters in the Kitchen speaker ,right?
Hey! Please not in Kitchen speaker, but can you play in my bedroom device.
Sure! I will do that for you.... But before that, please can you confirm that you wish to hear the song All That Matters in your Bedroom speaker.
Yup! You're right.
Here you go!!! The song will play shortly !!! Keep enjoying !!!
Cool.... thanks for your time.
Do you want me to play any other song for you?
Nope, thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you help me find some music?
Hoba Hoba Spirit has the song Mchat from their album Kamayanbaghi - how does that sound?
What else is there?
How about the song Summer from the album Joytime, by Marshmello?
Can you find me something from two years back? It doesn't really matter who.
How about Airplane Mode from the album Holo by Limbo?
What's the genre?
Limbo makes Pop music.
Yeah, that sounds good.
Would you like me to play the song now?
Yeah, play it on the kitchen speaker.
You'd like me to play Airplane Mode on the kitchen speaker?
Yes, please.
Alright, enjoy!
Thanks, that's all I need.
Have a great day.
Can you help me find a song?
Sure thing! I found 10 songs for you. I recommend Year Zero by Ghost on their album Infestissumam. Does that interest you at all?
I want a song from the year 2011.
Okay, no problem! I have another 10 songs for you. I recommend All the Girls Wanna Ride by Jawga Boyz on their album Kuntry. Does that interest you at all?
Yeah, I like that one!
Great! Would you like me to play that song for you?
Yes, please.
Great! Can you confirm the following details, please? I'll play the song All the Girls Wanna Ride on your TV.
Yup.
Enjoy your music!
I can't remember the genre of that song. What is it?
It's a country song.
That's right! Thanks!
You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all.
Have a good day!
Hi, I need to find a song for a party. Any kind of music is fine.
How about Glow by Madcon from the album Contraband?
Yes that's great. I'd like to listen to it.
So you'd like me to play Glow on the TV. Is this correct?
No, please play it on the speaker in the kitchen.
I will be playing Glow on the Kitchen Speaker. Is this correct?
Yes, that's perfect.
I hope you like the music.
Thanks, I will.
Can I help you with anything else.
No that's all, thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
I want to listen to a good song.
How about Cocaine March by Nico Cartosio from the album Melting.
Do you have something else? I like music by Alessia Cara. Find me a song from 2018.
I found 2 songs you may like. One song is Out of Love by Alessia Cara from her album The Pains of Growing.
Do you have something else? I like Pop songs. The album The Pains of Growing has great songs.
I found 1 song you may like. How about Trust My Lonely by Alessia Cara; also from the album The Pains of Growing.
Yes, that's good.
Should I play the song?
Yes, play it on my kitchen speaker please.
Please confirm the following: play the song Trust My lonely on the Kitchen speaker.
Yes, that's right.
Enjoy the song!
Thank you. That's all.
Have a great day.
I want to listen to some music. Make it Alternative Country songs today.
I found 1 song. Do you want to listen to Cover Me Up by Jason Isbell? It's from the album Southeastern
Is that from six years ago?
Yes. From the year 2013
Yes I know that one
Would you like to play it?
Yep. Play it
Please confirm: playing Cover Me Up on TV
No, make it on the speaker in the kitchen instead
Please confirm: playing Cover Me Up on the kitchen speaker
No. I want it on the bedroom device really
Please confirm: playing Cover Me Up on the bedroom speaker
Yes that's the one
Your music is playing now
Thank you
Don't mention it
Can you play a song from the album Anesthetic?
Do you like Cross Off by Mark Morton from the album Anesthetic?
Yes, that is the one.
Would you like to play this song?
Yes, play the Cross Off.
The Cross Off to play on the TV.
Is it from seven years back? What is the genre?
It's from 2019 and it's a Metal song.
Thank you for your assistance.
Have a good day.
I need some help finding a song.
How about Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen off of her Kiss album?
Yeah, that's perfect!
Want to give it a listen right now?
Sure, why not.
Okay. Just to make sure, you want to hear Call Me Maybe on TV.
Yup. How old is that song?
Your song released in 2011 has started!
Thanks a bunch.
Welcome! Anything else you need help with?
Not right now, thanks.
Anytime. Enjoy your day!
I want to find a song.
I have 10 songs for you. How about Ana Mosh Anani by Amr Diab in Shoft El Ayam?
What year did that come out?
It came out in 2014.
Yes, that is the one I am looking for. I would like to listen to some music.
Please confirm that you want to play Ana Mosh Anani on the TV.
Yes, that is good.
Please enjoy your music.
Thanks! That is all.
Have a great day.
Play some music for me. Something by Matt Simons maybe?
How about Matt Simons' Open Up? It's from his album After The Landslide
I like that one
Would you like to play it now?
Yeah play it. On the kitchen speaker though
Please confirm: play Open Up on your kitchen speaker
Yeah do that. What genre is it? What year was it released?
Your music is playing. It's a pop song from 2019.
Thanks so much
Hope you have a wonderful day
Find me a metal song from three years back please.
How about Maximize by Amaranthe from Maximalism?
Can you find anything else?
Do you like Pisces by Jinjer from King of Everything?
Anything else you can find?
How about Shiroyama by Sabaton from the Last Stand album.
Yes that is what I want to hear.
Shiroyama to the tv, correct?
No please cast to the kitchen device.
Please confirm the following: you want to hear Shiroyama cast to the kitchen speaker.
Yes that is what I want to hear.
Enjoy the song.
Thanks that's all I need.
Have a great day.
I need you to find me a song.
Do you like the song No More by Disturbed on the Evolution album?
Yes, that is great.
Shall I play the song now?
Yes, play it on my kitchen speaker.
You want to cast the song No More on the kitchen speaker. Is that right?
No, play it on the speaker in the bedroom.
You want to cast the song No More on the Bedroom speaker. Is that right?
Yes, that is right and can you tell me what genre the song is?
The genre is rock and I hope you enjoy it.
Thanks a lot. That is everything.
Have a great day.
I want to find songs by Thousand Foot Krutch.
What about the song Be Somebody by Thousand Foot Krutch from the album The End Is Where We Begin?
What year was it released?
It came out in 2012.
Yes, that's it.
Do you want to play the song?
Yes, play it on the kitchen device.
Please confirm: playing the song Be Somebody on the kitchen speaker.
Yes, thank you.
Playing now, enjoy.
Thank you so much.
Have a great day.
Can you search for some songs?
How about Gotta Be A Reason by Alec Benjamin from the album Narrated For You?
Is there any other song by Zayn Malik from one years back?
How about Good Years by Zayn Malik from the album Icarus Falls?
Is there any other song?
How about Let Me by Zayn Malik from the album Icarus Falls?
What is the category of the music?
The music comes under Pop category.
Yes, That is the song I am looking for.
Do you want me to play the song?
Yes. Please play the song for me.
Please confirm: You want me to play Let Me on TV.
No. play it on speaker in the kitchen.
Please confirm: You want me to play Let Me on Kitchen speaker.
No. play it on my bedroom speaker.
Please confirm again: You want me to play Let Me on Bedroom speaker.
Yes, That is right.
Song is playing. Enjoy the music.
Okay. Thank you for the help.
Can I help you with anything else?
No. That will be all. Thank you.
I am glad I could help. Have a great day.
I need to listen to some music to relax. I like all kind of music but mostly songs from Twenty One Pilots.
I could play for you the song Fake you out from the album Vessel by Twenty One pilots.
You got it, that's exactly what I need.
Can I push the play button then?
Yes, please.
Give me the green light after reading this. You want to play the song Fake you out on TV.
Not right, I want to listen to it on the Kitchen speaker.
Confirm again. You want to listen to the song Fake you out on kitchen speaker.
Yes, do it. Is the song from 2011?
It's from 2012. Have a nice time with your favorite tune.
Thank you, that's very kind of you. Bye
My pleasure. Bye to you.
Will you find me a song?
How about Pisces by Jinjer from the album King Of Everything?
Any Pop songs from the album The Bright Side?
How about Blue Skies by Lenka from the album The Bright Side?
From 2018?
No, 2015.
Will you find songs in the album Unapologetic from '12?
I found 3 songs. How about Pour It Up by Rihanna in the album Unapologetic?
That's it.
Do you want to play it?
Yes.
Please confirm Pour It Up playing on TV.
That's right.
Enjoy.
Thanks, that's all for now.
Have a wonderful day.
I want to listen to a song
There are 10 songs: do you like Tennis Court by Lorde in the album Pure Heroine?
I would like to listen to a Carly Rae Jepsen song
There are 2 songs, one of these is Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen in album Kiss
What Pop song do you suggest?
I suggest Now That I Found You by Carly Rae Jepsen in the album Dedicated
Ok, I like this one
Where do you want to listen it?
Play it on my kitchen speaker, please
Play Now That I Found You on Kitchen speaker: do you confirm?
No, I'd rather listen to it on the speaker in the bedroom
Play Now That I Found You on Bedroom speaker: do you confirm?
Yes, It's correct. This song is from 2019, right?
Yes, it's from 2019. The song started: enjoy!
Thank you so much!
Have a nice day
I'd like to listen to some music from '17.
How about Airplane Mode by Limbo from their album Holo?
What kind of music is that?
It is a pop song.
I prefer Country songs. Like the alnum When Was The Last Time.
I found 1 song you might like. How about If I Told You by Darius Rucker from the album When Was The Last Time.
Yes. I'd like ot listen to that.
You like me to play the song If I Told You on the TV, correct?
No. Play it on my kitchen speaker
You like me to play the song If I Told You on the Kitchen Speaker, correct?
Yep. That's right.
Here is your music. Enjoy.
Thanks!
Let me know if you require anything else.
Can you play some music for me as I cook dinner?
Sure, does Din Don Dan by Ryutaro Nakahara from the album Seventh Heaven so like a song you would like?
What genre of music would that be classified as and what year was it released, 2010?
That song is from the Anime genre and was released in the year 2015.
I'm not sure if that's really my taste of music. Can you find something from the artist Common Kings?
I was able to find 1 song, sung by Common Kings titled No Other Love from the album Summer Anthems.
That's great, I love that song. You can begin playing it on any device that is connected.
So you want me to begin playing the song titled No Other Love on the TV. Is that correct?
No, I'm sorry. I think I would prefer listening to it on the speaker in the kitchen.
So now you would like me to play No Other Love on the Kitchen speaker. Is that correct?
Yes, that's what I want. I forgot to ask, what genre of music is that song classified as and what year was it released?
That particular song falls under the Reggae genre and it was released in the year 2013.
Thanks for the information and help.
Was there anything else you need from me before I go?
No, you've already been a huge help.
Have a good day and enjoy your music.
I'm looking for somewhere I can grab some food in Fremont. Something intermediate priced would be perfect.
Is there any kind of food you want to eat specifically today?
Asian Fusion food would be perfect.
If you're in Fremont, you've got to give Asian Pearl Seafood Restaurant a try.
What's their address and contact number?
They live at 43635 Boscell Road and you can reach them at 510-979-1368.
Yeah, that works for me. I'd like to make reservations at a restaurant on the 10th of March.
What time would you like it?
1:30 in the afternoon, for 5 people.
So you'd like to book at table for 5 at Asian Pearl Seafood Restaurant in Fremont at 1:30 pm on March 10th, right?
Yeah, that works for me. Do they serve liquor? Live music?
Got it. They don't have have any live music or any alcohol.
Thanks a bunch!
Did you need anything else?
Nope. Thank you.
Have a good day!
I'm hungry and want to find a great restaurant.
What sort of food? Italian, Indian or Mexican, maybe? Just let me know what sort of cuisine you love. Also, which city will you be dining in?
I'll be eating in SF. I love Japanese, that would be great.
Great news, I found 10 restaurants you might like. 2g Japanese Brasserie is great and it's located right in San Francisco!
Where are they located?
601 Van Ness Avenue is their street address.
What's their phone number?
Their number is 415-292-9997.
That sounds great. Can I make a reservation now?
What time would you like to make the reservation for?
Let's make it for 12:30 pm.
Great! Pleast confirm the following: Reservation today at 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco, CA at 12:30 pm. Reservation for  2 people.
Great, I confirm. Do you know if there is live music at the restaurant?
Your reservation has been made. Sorry, no, they don't have live music.
Thanks a lot. That's all the information I need.
Great! Have a wonderful meal.
Could you find a restaurant for me? I'm looking for a place to eat.
Are you looking for a certain type of restaurant? Let me know if you're wanting American, Indian, or any other type of restaurant. Which city should I be looking in?
I'm looking for European food in San Francisco.
Ayola is a nice Eurpoean restaurant in San Francisco.
What is their contact number? Do they have live music?
They do not appear to have live music shows. Their contact number is 415-348-0808.
Can you suggest any other restaurant?
Another European restaurant in San Francisco is Bar Tartine.
Yes, that works for me.
Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes, I want the reservation for 6 people at  1 o"clock in the afternoon.
Please confirm the following: Booking Reservation at Bar Tartine in San Francisco today at 1 pm for 6 people.
Oh, wait, it's for five people, not 6.
Please confirm the following: Booking Reservation at Bar Tartine in San Francisco today at 1 pm for 5 people.
Yes that works for me.
I have successfully reserved a table for you. Will there be anything else?
Do they serve liquor?
Yes, they serve alcohol.
Do they have live music? What is their address?
No, they do not have live music. The restaurant is located at 561 Valencia Street.
Thank you very much. That is all I need.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Can you recommend a place to eat?
Which city should I search in? What kind of food are you looking for some examples are -  1. Italian 2. Mexican 3. Anything else
I am in the Pacifica area. I would like Sushi at an afforadable price.
I found 3 restaurants in Pacifica area with " 8 Sushi " being the most recommended.
That sounds good, thank you.
Do you need help with anything else?
Can you help me make a reservations at " 8 Sushi " restaurant?
Yes, when would you like the reservation for?
I would like it to be March 1st at 6 pm.
Please confirm that I have the correct information: 1 Table at " 8 Sushi " in Pacifica, for 2 people, Today at 6 pm
That sounds great.
Reservation successful.
Thank you very much.
Do you need help with anything else?
No, that will be all thank you.
You're welcome, have a nice day.
I'm looking for a good place to eat to take my date. She really like's Shabu-shabu food and lives in Berkeley.
There is 1 restaurant in Berkeley that fits your criteria called Zabu Zabu
Sounds really good!
Would you like me to reserve a table?
Yes please do.
What time would you like me to make your reservation for?
How about 11:30 AM on Sunday this week for 2.
Confirming one table at Zabu Zabu in Berkeley at 11:30 AM the day after tomorrow for 2.
That will work!
Your reservation is all set.
Thanks a ton!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you.
Have a nice day.
I am just getting off work, could you recommend a place to get some food?
What city should I look in?
I'd like it in SF, please.
What are you in the mood for? American? Mexican? Whatever you'd like.
I would love some curry.
I've got 10 restaurants here and, of them, Amber is in San Francisco and looks nice.
Could I get another option?
Maybe August 1 Five, which is also a nice restaurant in San Francisco.
That sounds great. I'd like to make a reservation for 3 at six pm, on March 2nd.
Excellent. Let me just confirm that for you: a table for 3 at 6 pm tomorrow at August 1 Five in San Francisco
That is exactly right.
Done. Everything's all set.
Any chance they have live music? And do you have their number if I need to reach out to them?
No music, sadly. But their number is 415-771-5900
Sweet, thanks so much.
Need anything else?
Nope, nothing at all. Thanks for your help!
Have a fabulous day!
I am looking for a place to eat. I want a place which serves alcohol.
Are you looking for American or Mexican food? Which city should I search in?
I would like to have some pizza and pasta in Campbell.
I found 2 restaurants. I found Buca Di Beppo Italian Restaurant in Campbell
What is their phone number and are there prices economical?
Their prices are moderate and their phone number is 408-377-7722.
Could you suggest any other restaurant?
Dicicco's Ristorante Italiano Autentico is nice and its located in Campbell.
Yes, that works for me.
Would you like to reserve a table here?
Yes I want to make a reservation for the 14th of March for two people.
What time is the reservation for?
Reserve it for 6 in the evening.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table for 2 at Dicicco's Ristorante Italiano Autentico in Campbell on March 14th at 6 pm.
Yes that works for me. Are the prices economical and do they play live music?
Your reservation is set. They do not have live music and their prices are moderate.
Thank you very much.
Can I help you with anything else?
No. Thank you very much.
Have a good day.
I'm very hungry right now, I'd like to eat somewhere.
What would you like to eat today?
Maybe something exotic, like Chinese food.
You want to eat in any city close by or in particular?
Only around San Francisco.
Found a restaurant called Alice's which is very close by to San Francisco.
What other options are there?
Let me check, well there is also Bamboo Restaurant located in the middle of San Francisco
I'd also like it to have this restaurant live music inside, and to have a large variety of liquor to order as well.
Sorry but no live music in the establishment, but they do serve alcohol.
Sounds fine. Make a reservation for two people, please.
at what time would you want it?
Would be nice Half past 12 in the afternoon for the day after tomorrow, please.
So, just to confirmed. I'll book a table for 2 at Bamboo Restaurant, in San Francisco at 12:30 pm the day after tomorrow.
You know what, better make it at 6 o"clock in the evening for three people
so just to confirmed again, it would be at 6 pm for 3 people.
nope, changed my mind, better on 7th of March.
So it would be at Bamboo Restaurant for next thursday.
that would be great.
It is done.
thanks a lot, that is all for now
have a wonderful day.
I wanna find a place to eat.
What kind of food do you want? it could be Mexican, American, or anything. What city should I search in?
I need it in San Francisco. Some veggie food will be great.
Ben Wah Restaurant is a very good restaurant that is in San Francisco.
Is the price range on the page expensive?
The price range is actually moderate.
Tell me their address.
The address is 2786 California Street
Yes that is fine
Wanna reserve a table here?
Yes, I want a reservation.
What time is the reservation?
I want it to be at afternoon 12:30 and on Saturday this week.
Confirm the booking at Ben Wah Restaurant in San Francisco at 12:30 pm tomorrow for 2 people.
Yes that is good
The reservation went though fine.
Give me their number and tell me if they serve liquor.
No alcohol and their phone is 415-318-8000.
Thanks a lot.
Can I get anything else for you?
No thanks.
Have a good one
Im very hungry I would like to eat somewhere
Where would you like to it?
Hayward would be nice.
Would you like Chinese, Italian, Mexican?
I'm on the mood for some dumplings.
Chef's Experience China Bistro is a really nice restaurant downtown of Hayward.
Whats the address?
22436 Foothill Boulevard
any other option close by?
Frannie's Restaurant is also a nice restaurant in Hayward.
You know their phone number? also would they have some live music?
The number is 510-728-7728, but sadly no live music.
Right, make a reservation at 7:30 pm on the 11th of this month for 2 people, please.
So, just to confirmed, I'll make a reservation on March 11th for 2 people at 7:30 pm at Frannie's Restaurant in Hayward.
Yep, that would be great. Do they serve nice liquor?
Ok, I finished the reservation, and yes, they do have alcohol
that's great, thank you very much
have a wonderful day
My family and I will be taking a vacation in the near future.  Do you have any suggestions on a place to eat?
What is your vacation destination? Do you have any food preferences ?
We will be arriving in Newark this weekend. We love to dine at a restaurant specializing in Afghan food.
There is 1 restaurant that I can recommend in Newark. Afghan Village Restaurant would be perfect for your family.
What is the address of this restaurant? Do you know the average price of dinner at this place?
They are located at 5698 Thornton Avenue. Their dinners are in the moderate price range.
This place sounds perfect for us.
Would you like to make reservations?
Yes a reservation would be a good idea.
What time would you like to dine?
We would like to have lunch at this restaurant. Please make the reservation in the afternoon 1.
The confirmation is for a table for 2 at Afghan Village Restaurant in Newark at 1 pm today.
Would you please change that reservation to a table for 4 people.
I have confirmed a table for 4 people at 1 pm.
I'm sorry, would you please make the reservation on the 7th in the evening 5?
I have confirmed a table for 5 pm next Thursday.
Thank you. Do you know if they serve liquor? Also, will you give me their phone number?
Your reservations are confirmed. They do not serve alcoholic drinks. The phone number to the restaurant is 510-790-0557.
Thank you for your help.
May I assist you with any other reservations?
Not at this time. Thank you for your assistance.
Have a good day!
I am meeting a friend and we plant to get food. Can you find me a place that sells noodles in Millbrae?
There are 7 noodle places in Millbrae. Asian Pearl is a nice restaurant.
I am looking for a different noodle place that is inexpensive. Are there cheaper places in Millbrae?
There is 1 cheaper noodle restaurant, Cheung Hing Restaurant in Millbrae.
I would like to go to Cheung Hing Restaurant. Please make a reservation.
What time would you like to make a reservation at Cheung Hing Restaurant?
I would like the reservation for 17:00.
You now have a table booking for 2 people at Cheung Hing Restaurant in Millbrae at 5 pm today. Please confirm.
I would like to make the booking at evening 7:30 on March 10th.
The reservation is at 7:30 pm on March 10th. Please confirm.
I would like the reservation changed to March 5th.
The restaurant is in Millbrae, and the booking is next Tuesday. Please confirm.
Yes, I would like to confirm the reservation.
The reservation has been confirmed.
Thank you, that is all I need.
Have a good day.
I am going out to dinner later. Do you know of any good restaurants in SF?
Is there any certain kind of restaurant you are wanting?
I would like some California style food.
I know of a great place in San Francisco called Al's Place.
I want somewhere that is more expensive, do you know of anywhere else?
Another restaurant in San Francisco that I would recommend is Alta Msp.
Do you know if they serve alcoholic beverages there?
The restaurant does not serve any alcohol.
Does the restaurant have any live music playing?
The restaurant does not have live music.
That restaurant sounds great to me, I would like to make a reservation there.
What time can you make the reservation for?
I would like to make the reservation for twelve in the afternoon.
I have a reservation for 2 people at Alta Msp in San Francisco at 12 pm, today.
That is great. What is the phone number for Alta Msp?
The phone number for Alta Msp is 415-580-7662. I have successfully made the reservation.
What is the address for Alta Msp?
The address for Alta Msp is 1275 Minnesota Street.
Thank you so much!
Have a great day!
I am going out later with my girlfriend and we would like to go to a restaurant for dinner, can you recommend a place?
Which cuisine do you prefer and in which location should I search for a restaurant?
I want to eat fast food such as burgers in San Jose.
Alright, out of the 9 restaurants that I found in San Jose, I recommend Black Angus Steakhouse.
Can you tell me any other place?
Alright, Citrus Restaurant is another one in San Jose.
Where can I find it and do they sell liquor?
The address is 355 Santana Row and no they do not serve liquor.
That sounds good.
Should I reserve a table for you there?
Sure please make a reservation.
At what time should I make the reservation for?
At half past 7 in the evening please and please make it for 2 people.
I am going to book a table for 2 at Citrus Restaurant in San Jose at 7:30 pm today. Is that correct?
Yes. Can you give me their contact number.
408-423-5400.
Are they expensive?
Their prices are moderate.
thanks.
anything else?
no.
alright.
I'd like to make a restaurant reservation.
Sure, what city are you looking at?
San Francisco please. Can you book for 11:30?
Of course. Is there a restaurant you're thinking of?
Yes, Sheba Piano. The booking if for 5 people.
Okay, can you confirm: Reservation for Sheba Piano Lounge in San Francisco for 11:30 am today, for 5 people.
Yes, that looks good.
Your reservation was a success.
Thanks so much. I think I'm good for now.
Glad i could help. Bye.
I want to make a reservation at a restaurant for the 6th of March.
For what city should I look for a restaurant, and for what time should the reservation be made?
I want a restaurant in Mountain View, and a reservation at 1 o"clock in the afternoon.
Is there a specific restaurant that you want?
Chili's Grill is the restaurant.
Please confirm that you would like to reserve a table for 2 people at Chili's Grill & Bar in Mountain View, on next Wednesday at 1 pm.
Yes, that will be great. Please check if they serve liquor, and if they have live music.
Your reservation has been successfully placed. Yes, they serve alcohol,but no, they do not have live music.
Thanks. That is all.
Have a nice day.
I'm interested in making a reservation for five people at the Artisan restaurant in Lafayette.
At what time would you like this reservation?
Set it for 12:00.
I have a reservation for 5 people Artisan Bistro in Lafayette at 12 PM today. Is this accurate?
Yes, you got it! Is liquor served there?
I was unable to successfully make your reservation. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's enjoy.
Have a pleasant rest of your day.
Please book a reservation at 7 pm.
Can you tell me what city, and do you have a restaurant you like?
I would love to go to the Pacific Catch in San Mateo.
OK, please ensure this is right:  You would like a table at the Pacific Catch in San Mateo at 7 pm today for 2?
That will work, is this going to cost a lot of money?  I do not want anything too extravagant.
OK, I was able to book this for you.  It is in the moderate price range.  The phone number is 650-389-2482.
Thank you, that is all for now.
Good bye.
Please can i make a reservation at a restaurant?
May i know your preferred restaurant and location?
I want a Palermo restaurant in San Jose for a 19:30 appointment.
Please can you confirm that want you want is a Table for 2 at Palermo Italian Restaurant in the City of San Jose and that reservation be made for 7:30 pm today.
Oh yes that is what i want. Thank you.
The reservation has been successfully made.
Can i have the address in San Jose as well as their contact number.
It is located at street umber 791 Auzerais Avenue and thetheir phone number is 408-295-6459.
TI appreciate your help thanks.
Is there any other thing i can help you with?
No for now. Thank you.
Do have a lovely day.
Can you please help me make a reservation for a restaurant?
I sure can! What city do you want to eat in and what time? Or did you already have a restaurant in mind?
Brixx Pizzeria in Petaluma is the place. It's a group of four people at 11 am.
4 people want to eat at Brixx Pizzeria in Petaluma at 11 am today. Is that correct?
Yeah exactly. One more thing though, how expensive is that restaurant?
Their price range of Brixx Pizzeria is moderate. Although I'm sorry to inform you that I wasn't able to make the reservation you requested. There is another opening today at 11:30 am. Would you like me to make a different reservation for 4 people?
Ok sure, that sounds good.
I was able to complete the reservation successfully this time!
I really appreciate it.
No problem. Do you need me to help you with anything more today?
No, I think I'm going to be alright for now.
Enjoy the rest of your day then.
I am meeting family for brunch tomorrow morning. Can you find me a resturaunt in Cupertino and schedule my reservation for 11:30 in the morning?
Is there a resturaunt you would prefer?
The name of the resturaunt is Fontana's.
Would you please confirm my reservation for 2 at Fontana's Italian Restaurant in Cupertino today at 11:30 am?
Yes, this restraint sounds great. Can you tell me more about the type food that is served?
Your reservation for the Italian resturaunt is confirmed.
I appreciate this, thank you.
Is there something else I may assist you with?
No but I appreciate it.
Please enjoy your day.
Can i please make a reservation for 7 pm at Tambo.
What city do you prefer?
Oakland is okay for me.
Please re-confirm that we should book for you a Table for 2 for 7 pm  today at Tambo Peruvian Restaurant in Oakland?
No. Please make it for 7:30 pm at Santa Clara.
Okay. Please confirm a reservation for 7:30 pm at Santa Clara.
Yes that is perfect for me.
Unfortunately i am unable to make a reservation. So sorry for that. Is there anything else i can help you with?
No and thanks for you your help anyway.
Do have a lovely day.
I wish to make a reservation for 3 people next Thursday at five pm.
What restaurant do you wish to make the reservation at and in what city is it located?
I would like a reservation at Yuzu in San Mateo.
You wish to book a table at Yuzu in San Mateo for 3 people. The time for the reservation is next Thursday at 5 pm correct?
Actually, I would like it this Sunday at 19:00.
The reservation is at 7 pm the day after tomorrow correct?
That will be fine for me.
Your reservation has been made.
Thank you for the help. I appreciate it very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all thank you.
Have a pleasant day and thank you for contacting our service.
I would like to make a reservation at a restaurant and make it at half past 11 in the morning.
Do you have a preference when it comes to a restaurant and in which city should I look for?
It is in San Fran and the restaurant is called Kuleto's and it is for six people.
Kindly please confirm the following details: At kuleto's Restaurant in San Francisco city ,the reservation is made for 11:30 am for today's date for 6 people.
That works well for me,Yes
kuleto's Restaurant is a nice restaurant but i am extremely sorry I was unable to make a reservation. Should I try reservation for 6 people at 11 am today?
please no.
Is there something else i can help you with?
Thank you so much but NO.
Good day to you.
I wan to make reservations at a restaurant.
What city and do you have any preferred restaurants?
The restaurant Up 2u at Alameda for 19:30.
Please confirm that you want to book a table at Up 2u Thai Eatery at the city Alameda at 7:30 pm today for 2 people.
Yes and what is their contact number.
Reservation successful. Their phone number is 510-521-6466..
Thank you.
Anything else you need?
No that's all.
Have a good day.
Make a reservation at a restaurant in Oakland
What time is the reservation for. Which restaurant would you like
Make it for twelve pm at Koryo
Do you want me to make the reservation for 2 people at 12 pm today at Koryo Sushi in Oakland?
Yep that's fine.
The reservation is booked
Thanks. that's it
have a nice day
I want to check the weather for March 7th.
What city are you checking the weather for?
I want to check in Dixon.
The average temperature is 80 degrees with a 1 percent chance of rain.
Okay. I want to find a restaurant, as well.
What kind of food would you like to eat? Indian, Italian, etc.?
I want to go somewhere that serves alcohol. Asado sounds good.
I found 1 restaurant. Bud's Pub & Grill in Dixon.
What is the address?
The address is 100 South 1st Street.
Is there live music? What is the phone number?
There is no live music. The phone number is 707-678-4745
Sounds good, thanks.
Do you want to reserve a table?
Yes I want to make a reservation.
What time is the reservation for?
I want to make it for half past 11 in the morning.
Please confirm: A table for 2 at Bud's Pub & Grill in Dixon on March 1st at 11:30 am.
Yes, sounds good. Is it pricey?
Your reservation has been made. The prices are moderate.
Thanks so much.
Anything else I can help with?
No, that's all.
Have a great day.
Please check the weather for me in sonoma on 9th of this month
The temperature in Sonoma is 85 degree with 6 percent chance of rain
how humid would it be
it will be 21 percent humidity
ok, please find me a barbecue restaurant
Schellville grill is a good barbecue restaurant in sonoma
any other restaurants?
sorry i was unable to find any other restaurants. is there anything else i can do for you
can you search again for some himalayan food that also serve alcohol which are affordable
i found 1 himalayan restaurants in sonoma called taste of the himalayas
ok perfect, please make a reservation for me
what time would you like to go there
please make it quarter to 1 in the afternoon
please confirm your reservation for 2 people at taste of the himalayas in sonoma on march 1st at 12:45 pm
please make it three people on next friday
please confirm your reservation for 3 people on march 8th
yes thats correct, can you give me their number and do they have live music
Please confirm your booking for 3 people at taste of the himalayas on march 8th at 12:30 pm. They do dont have live music and their phone number is 707-996-1161
no, forget it. thank you
have a nice day
What does the weather on March 14th look like?
Which city should I check it for?
Search in Mill Valley
The temperature is expected to be 91 degrees with a 13 percent chance of rain.
What about humidity and wind?
Humidity is expected to be around 40 percent and wind speed is at 2 miles per hour.
How about the weather in Palo Alto on next Tuesday?
The temperature is expected to be 88 degrees with a 27 percent chance of rain.
Okay, I also want to search for a restaurant there.
Any food specifications?
I am craving some burger.
Bazille in Palo Alto is a great place
Suggest me something else
How about bird dog in Palo Alto
Is there live music there?
No, Live music isn't available.
Okay. make a reservation for 1 person on 13th of march 1 pm.
Booking a table for 1 at bird dog in Palo Alto on March 13th at 1 pm.
Okay, what is their price range and address?
They are moderate in prices and are located at 420 ramona street. Your booking is confirmed.
Thank you so much!
Do you need my help with something else?
No, that would be all. Thanks again.
Pleasure is mine. Have a great time there.
Check for me please the weather in Mountain View.
The average temperature for the day should be 91 degrees Fahrenheit and 9 percent chance of rain.
I understand.Find me a restaurant there.
You like a specific type of food.American, Chinese or something else?
Punjabi kind of food will be good.
I have for you 5 options.One is a nice restaurant located in Mountain View called Chaat Paradise.
That's great make a reservation for 4 people on the 12th at afternoon 12:15.
Book a table for 4 people at Chaat Paradise in Mountain View on March 12th at 12:15 pm.I'm right?
Yes is good for me.
Soory but reservation failed.You want to try again on March 12th at 12 pm for 4 people, because Chaat Paradise is a nice place.
Yes is perfect.
Reservation was made.
Is live music available?Tell me the contact number.
Phone number is 650-965-1111 and they not have live music.
Thank you.That's all.
Have a great day!
Do you know the weather on March 9th?
On which city specifically?
In Yountville, please.
It is not that cold, the average temperature on that day is 91 degrees with 11 percent chance of rain.
Alright. Please help me find a restaurant where I could eat during my visit.
Do you have anything in mind? Like Indian, Italian, Chinese, or anything else?
I am craving for some Italian food, pizza and pasta is perfect.
There's 2 restaurants that you might like, but this one stands out. It is called the Bottega Napa Valley located in the heart of Yountville.
I heard they serve great food. Please make a reservation for me.
What time would you like to visit?
Morning 10:30, please.
Please do confirm the following details: reservation at Bottega Napa Valley at Yountville for 2 persons on March 1st, and that is for 10:30 am.
I will be inviting friends over. Please make it for four people and night 8 pm.
Please do confirm the following details: reservation at Bottega Napa Valley at Yountville for 4 persons on March 1st, and that is for 8 pm.
Yes, that's right.
Sorry, I wasn't able to make a reservation. Do you need help with anything else?
That's sad. But thank you. That's good for now.
Havea wonderful day!
Please tell me the weather forecast for March 8th.
Any particular city's weather forecast?
Please check the weather in Menlo Park.
The expected average temperature for the day is 83 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 9 percent chance of rain.
Sounds good! Please find me a restaurant offering Latin American cuisine there.
Cafe Del Sol Restaurant, a nice restaurant Menlo Park is among the 3 I found.
Sure, that sounds good.
Should I go ahead and reserve a table here?
Yes, please do make a reservation.
For what time should I make the reservation?
Please reserve it for afternoon 1:30.
Okay, no problem. Please confirm that you'd like to make a March 1st, 1:30 pm reservation for 2 at Cafe Del Sol Restaurant in Menlo Park.
No, sorry there's been a change of plans. Please make it for three people, tomorrow.
Sure, no problem. Let me see if I got everything correctly: You'd like to make a March 2nd reservation for 3.
That is correct.
I have successfully made your reservation.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
Would you like my help with anything else?
No. Thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
Thank you, and have a great day.
What's the weather like on Thursday next week?
For what city?
Look in Sebastopol.
The average temperature should be 83 degrees Fahrenheit. There'll be a 20 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy? How humid?
The wind speed will be around 1 miles per hour. The humidity should be around 30 %.
What about mill valley?
Average temperature of 91 degrees Fahrenheit. There's a 27 % chance of rain.
Find me a restaurant there.
Mexican, Italian, anything else?
I'm looking for some Izakaya food.
I've found Robata Grill & Sushi in mill valley.
what else is there? i need something afforadable.
how about shang hai kitchen in m mill valley.
what's their address? do they serve liquor?
they don't serve alcohol. the address is 247 shoreline highway.
okay, i like the sound of it.
shall i reserve you a table?
yes, i'd like a reservation.
for what time?
for one in the afternoon.
okay, please confirm: table for 2 at shang hai kitchen in mill valley at 1 pm on march 1st.
yes please confirm.
i'm afraid i wasn't able to make that reservation at shang hai kitchen. should i try a reservation for 2 at 12:30 pm on march 1st?
no, don't do that.
is there anything else?
no that's it.
have a great day.
What'll the weather be like on March 9th?
In what city?
Check in Fairfax.
It'll be around 80 degrees and have a 3 percent chance of rain that day.
Okay, can you help me find somewhere there to eat? How about pasta?
There's Fradelizio's Ristorante in Fairfax.
That works, can you make a reservation?
Sure, for what time?
7:45 in the evening, please.
Will do, first confirm you'd lie a table for 2 at Fradelizio's Ristorante in Fairfax for 7:45 pm on March 1st.
Confirmed. What's the number I can reach them at?
Call them at 415-459-1618. That reservation wasn't available. Can I try a table for 2 at Fradelizio's Ristorante on March 1st at 7:30 pm instead?
No, that doesn't work.
Okay, anything else I can do for you?
Nope, thanks a lot.
Enjoy your day.
What will the weather be like on 4th of this month in San Fran?
The temperature will be averaging at around 71 degrees Fahrenheit for the day and the possibility of rain is at 16 percent.
Alright. I need to look for a restaurant which is extravagant in pricing.
What cuisine are you a fan of? Maybe Chinese, Italian or something else?
I would love some Barbecue food.
Can I suggest you this nice restaurant in San Francisco called Acquerello?
Find me some other restaurant.
Would you like Aster in San Francisco. It is a decent restaurant.
Recommend me some other restaurant please.
How do you like this nice restaurant in San Francisco called Aveline?
Get me their address and phone.
It is on the 490 Geary Street and their digits are 415-345-2303.
That will totally work. Book me a table for 1 at 12:30 in the afternoon.
Make sure I got it all right. You want a table at Aveline in San Francisco for 1 person on March 1st at 12:30 pm?
Not quite. I want it for three people.
So you want a table for 3 to be reserved at Aveline?
Change the timing to 12:15 pm for the 3rd of this month please.
So you want to reserve it on March 3rd at 12:15 pm. Did I get that right?
Absolutely. Find out if you can get liquor and if they have live music.
I have reserved it successfully. They have alcohol but no live music.
Thanks a lot. That will be all.
I wish you a nice day.
Can you find me the weather in Novato for March 13th?
The weather for Novato for the day should be an average temperature of 70 degrees Fahrenheit with a 2 percent chance of rain.
Okay.
What else can I help you with?
I need to find a restaurant. How about some Pasta?
The Aurora Ristorante Italiano in Novato is a nice restaurant.
Is it a reasonably priced restaurant?
It is a moderate priced restaurant.
Any other suggestions?
How about Chianti Cucina in Novato?
I've changed my mind. How about a Sushi Bar? Price is no object.
I found you 2 restaurants. Sushi Tri might be to your liking. It is located in Novato.
Can I get the phone number?
Their number is 415-382-9988.
Great, that works.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please make me a reservation.
For what time?
Make it for 13:15.
Please confirm that you would like to book a table for 2 at the Sushi Tri restaurant in Novato. Your reservation is for March 1st at 1:15 pm.
Yes, that is correct. Does the restaurant serve alcohol?
No, Sushi Tri does not serve alcohol. Sorry, I wasn't able to complete your reservation. Should I try to make your reservation for 2 for March 1st at 1:30 pm instead?
Yes, you can try that.
Your reservation is complete.
Thank you very much.
Do you need anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
I still haven't figured out what to do for my date coming up. Can you check the weather for me?
Sure, what city?
We'll most likely go to Discovery Bay.
Looks like the average is 77 degrees Fahrenheit with a 9 percent chance of rain.
Ok, that's perfect. I need to make a dinner reservation somewhere around there that serves alcohol. Can you see if there are any reasonably priced places with Southern food?
Looks like there's 1 restaurant in Discovery Bay that fits what you want. How about Boardwalk Grill?
Oh, I've heard that one's pretty good. Yeah, let's go ahead and make a reservation.
Sure, what time?
Can you make it for evening 6:30 on the 2nd of this month?
No problem. To confirm, you want to make a reservation for 2 at Boardwalk Grill in Discovery Bay at 6:30 pm on March 2nd. Is that right?
Yep, that's perfect.
Ok, I've made your reservation.
Great, thank you.
Anything else I can do?
No, that's all for now. Thanks.
Sure, have a good day.
Can you check the weather for me on March 13th?
Where would you like the weather for?
I want the weather for Pinole.
The forecast is for an average temperature of 84 degrees Fahrenheit with a 18 percent chance of rain.
What's the wind like?
Average wind speed is 9 miles per hour.
What about the humidity?
Humidity is expected to be 29 percent.
Alright, I'd like to find a restaurant there.
What type of food are you interested in?
I think I'd like to have some Dumplings.
I found 3 restaurants you might like. How about China Delights? It is located in Pinole.
What's their phone number?
You can contact them at 510-964-1882.
Where are they located at? Is there any live music there?
Their address is 1501 Tara Hills Drive. There is no live music there.
Do you have any other suggestions?
Sure, how about China House Restaurant? It is also in Pinole.
Okay, that sounds good.
Should I get you a table there?
Yeah I'd like to reserve a table.
What time should I make the reservation for?
I'd like it at evening 5:30.
So you would like a reservation for 2 people at China House Restaurant in Pinole for 5:30 pm on March 1st, is that correct?
Yes, that will work. What is their phone number? What's the general cost for a meal there?
Sorry, I wasn't able to make a reservation for that time. Can I do anything else for you?
I'd like to try making a reservation again. Try 1 o"clock in the afternoon.
So you would like a reservation for 2 people at China House Restaurant in Pinole for 1 pm on March 1st, is that correct?
Yeah, let's try that.
I was able to make your reservation successfully.
Okay, great! Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's all, thanks.
Alright, have a nice day!
I need to find out the weather in Napa.
The average temperature in Napa today should be 85 degrees F and there is a 24 % chance of rain.
Sure, that sounds right. I'd also like to find a restaurant there in the expensive price range.
What type of food were you looking for?
American food would be perfect for me.
I found 4 restaurants for you. One nice restaurant in Napa is Brix Restaurant And Gardens.
Yes, that sounds good to me. I'd like to make a reservation for 2 people this Saturday.
For what time did you want to make the reservation?
I'd like to make it at quarter to 7 in the evening.
Please confirm you're booking a table for 2 at Brix Restaurant and Gardens in Napa on March 2nd at 6:45 pm.
That sounds good. What is the address and does the restaurant have live music?
The address is 7377 Saint Helena Highway and they do not have live music. Sorry, I could not make a reservation. Should I try another reservation for 2 people at Brix Restaurant and Gardens on March 2nd at 7 pm?
No, thank you.
Did you need help with anything else?
No, but thank you.
Have a nice day.
I want the weather in Lafayette on March 4th
The temperature is 91 degrees and there is a 15 percent chance of rain
I want a restaurant there too
what kind of food do you want?
pasta will work good
There are 3 restaurants and at the Locanda Positano and it's in Lafayette
Is there liquor and live music?
They give alcohol and there is no live music.
Yes that works and for one person and I want it on the 10th of this month.
when is the reservation?
It is at 7 o"clock in the evening
Confirm Locanda Positano and in Lafayette and it is at 7 pm for 1 person and it is March 10th
Yes that is good
The reservation was successful
Thank you very much
Can I assist with any other matter?
No thank you kindly
Have a great one
What is the weather like in Santa Rosa on the March 10th?
The temperature is 77 degrees Fahrenheit with 18 percent chance of rain.
How humid would it be?
Around 37 percent.
And how windy?
About 9 miles per hour.
I want to eat at a restaurant that serves a good burger.
There are 9 available. Would you like to try Belly left coast kitchen & taproom in Santa Rosa? It is a nice restaurant.
That would be great. Kindly make me a reservation.
For what time?
For 1:30 pm on the 10th of March 2019
You want a table for 2 at Belly Left coast kitchen & taproom in Santa Rosa on March 10th at 1:30 pm?
Yes, that would be great.
I have made the reservation.
Thanks a lot. That would be all.
Enjoy your day.
What is the weather in Menlo Park on March 9th?
There is a 15 percent chance of precipitation with at temperature of 87 degrees.
Give me the weather in Antioch on the 1st of this month.
There is only a 2 percent chance of precipitation and the temperature is 91 degrees.
What is the humidity?
Humidity will over near 17 percent.
How gusty will it be?
The wind will be blowing at 5 miles per hour.
I see. Find me a spot to eat at there.
Do you have a food type preference?
I want some afforadable Lobster.
Search revealed 2 places. Okawa Japanese Restaurant is in Antioch.
Do they offer live entertainment?
They do not offer live entertainment.
What is their location?
They are located at 2327 Buchanan Road.
That is perfect.
Shall I book you a reservation?
Yes, book me a table.
What time do you want to eat?
I want to eat at afternoon 1:15.
You want a table for 2 at Okawa Japanese Restaurant in Antioch at 1:15 pm on March 1st. Is that right?
That is correct. What is their phone number and do they have alcohol?
They do have alcohol and you can contact them at 925-778-1585. I could not book your reservation. Would you like to book at table for 2 at Okawa Japanese Restaurant for 1:30 pm on March 1st?
Yes, that is great.
Your table is reserved.
Thanks a lot. That is all.
Have a great day.
what's the weather gonna be like in campbell on the March 6th?
the weather that day should be 75 degrees with an 8 percent chance of rain.
okay, can you find me a restaurant there?
do you want a specific cuisine like mexican or indian?
some pasta sounds good.
there's 5 places i found that could work. how about A bellagio italian restaurant in campbell?
is there anything else? i need something affordable.
there's 4 places that'll fit your criteria. how about buca di beppo italian restaurant in campbell?
do you have any other suggestions?
how about dicicco's ristorante italiano autentico in campbell?
that'll work, can you book it for me?
for what time?
can you make it for 4:30 pm on the 10th of this month?
you want a reservation for 2 at dicicco's ristorante italiano autentico in campbell for 4:30 pm on march 10th
yes please, do they have live music? what's their number?
sorry i couldn't book that table. is there anything else i can do?
no, thanks anyway.
have a great day.
Can you check the weather in Walnut Creek on March 7th?
It's going to be 72 degrees Fahrenheit with 19 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy it's going to be?
There's a 31 percent of humidity and wind speed should be 12 miles per hour.
Thanks, please help me find a restaurant there.
What kind of food?
I like Izakaya food.
I got 2 restaurants and Ikoi is one located in Walnut Creek.
How pricey is there and do they have liquor?
Yes they have and price range is moderate.
Is there any other option?
Sasa in Walnut Creek.
Yes, I want to make a reservation there.
What time?
At 12:15.
Okay, you want a reservation for 2 at Sasa in Walnut Creek on March 1st at 12:15 pm. Please confirm.
That's fine.
Sorry, I fail to make the reservation but Sasa is nice. Do you want me to try making the reservation for 2 on March 1st at 12 pm?
No, thanks.
Enjoy your day.
What is the weather in Alameda.
The avergare high is 73 degrees Fahreheit. The is a slight chance of rain about 8 percent.
Awesome I want to eat there.
What type of food would you like? Maybe Italian, Chinese or something else.
Lithuanian would be great.
I have 1 option Mama Papa Lithuania Restaurant located in Alameda is really nice.
Where is it Located? Are they expensive?
They are located at 1241 Park Street. They are priced moderate.
That is perfect. I want a table for at 17:15 next Wednesday.
Just to confirm you would like a table for 2 people at Mama Papa Lithuania Restaurant on March 6th at 5:15 pm located in Alameda.
Yes that is great.
Your table is booked.
Do they serve beer. IS there a band playing that day?
They serve alcohol. They do have live music.
Thanks that will be all.
Have a great day.
What is the weather in Fairfield on the March 13th.
The average temp is 74 degrees and there is 0 percent chance of precipitation.
Okay what about Larkspur on March 11th?
The average temp is 89 degrees and the chance of precipitation is 26 percent.
Okay please find me a Brasserie restaurant which is not very costly please.
Left Bank Larkspur Brasserie in Larkspur.
That works for me thanks.
Would you like to book a table?
Yes please reserve a table.
At what time?
At 12:45 please.
Okay you need a table at Left Bank Larkspur Brasserie in Larkspur at 12:45 pm 2 on March 1st, correct?
Yes perfect, thanks. Do they have liquor?
They do not. Your table is booked.
Thank you for your help.
Can I do anything else for you?
No that's all.
Have a great day!
Whats it going to be like outside on March 8th?
Well, it depends where?
How about in Kenwood?
73 degrees on average. Chance or rain is 14 percent.
Any good places to chow down around there?
What are you in the mood for?
Maybe a Lobster.
Then try Salt and Stone Restaurant in Kenwood.
That sounds tasty.
Shall I reserve you a table?
Yes, please do.
For what time?
11:45 should be good.
A table for 2 at Salt and Stone Restaurant in Kenwood on March 1st at 11:45 am?
Yeah, that's right. Will this put a dent in my wallet?
Salt and Stone Restaurant is indeed expensive. But I couldn't get you a table. Should I try 12 pm on March 1st for 2 people?
Yes. Try that.
Done. Bon Appetit.
Thank you. I am all set.
Great. Good day.
What is the weather status in Redwood city?
It is averaging the temperature of 87 degrees Fahrenheit for the day with a 20 percent probability of raining.
All good. Find a nice restaurant in that place.
What cuisine do you like?
I want some Light meal food.
Stacks - Redwood city is a good Redwood City based restaurant.
Get me their phone number and look if they serve liquor.
They don't have alcohol and you can ring them at 650-482-2850.
Cool. That is taken care of.
Shall I book you a table in that place?
Sure. I want you to book it on the 9th for 1 person.
What time should I reserve it for?
I am going there at quarter past 6 in the evening.
So you want me to book you a table at the Stacks - Redwood City restaurant located in Redwood City for 1 person on March 9th at 6:15 pm?
Yeah that is right.
I was unfortunately not able to make that reservation. Can I suggest you making the reservation at Stacks - Redwood City on March 9th at 6 pm instead? It will be for 1 person.
Yeah that will also do.
I have your reservation made.
By the way, do they do live music and is it a low-cost priced place?
No, there won't be any live music, I'm afraid. It is of moderate price range.
Thanks a lot. That will be all.
I wish you a nice day ahead.
Can you tell me how the weather is in San Ramon on March 5th?
There will be a 24 percent chance of rain that day. It looks like the temperature will be 71 degrees Fahrenheit.
Alright, got it.
Do you need something else?
I would love to find a restaurant in that area.
What is the type of food you like?
Vegetarian food would be just lovely.
I was able to find 1 restaurant that is quite pleasant. It is in San Ramon and is named Favorite Indian Restaurant.
Right, I like how that sounds so go aheand and make a reservation for me.
At what time would you like to make the reservation?
I think 6:15 pm would work well.
Please approve the upcoming specifics: Reserving a table for 2 people at Favorite Indian Restaurant in San Ramon. THe time will be at 6:15 pm on March 1st.
Okay, that is fine with me. Is the cost associated lavish?
The cost of meals is moderate. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to make the reservation. Favorite Indian Restaurant is such a lovely restaurant would you like me to see if I an make a reservation on March 1st at 6 pm for 2 people?
Please, that would be great.
I have succesfully reserved a table.
Thanks so very much! That takes care of my needs.
Please have a fantastic day.
Check the weather on March 5th at Muir Beach.
The temp will be 76 with an 18 percent chance of rain.
How about Walnut Creek on the March 13th?
It will be 82 with a 14 percent chance of rain.
How about wind speed?
It will be 12 miles per hour.
I also need a place to eat dumplings.
I found 2. In Walnut Creek, I have China Palace Restaurant.
Do they have liquor?
They do not have liquor.
That is still ok for me.
Is there anything else?
I want to book for the 14th for 3.
What time would you like?
Book for quarter to 1 in the afternoon.
Confirm, in Walnut Creek, China Palace Restaurant at 12:45 pm for 3 on March 14th.
That is good. What is price range and contact?
You are confirmed. Phone is 925-935-3233 and they are inexpensive.
Thanks for the help.
Is there anything else?
That is all today.
Have a great day.
i want to check the weather in healdsburg on March 7th.
the weather that day should be 73 degrees with a 9 percent chance of rain.
okay, cool. can you find me a barbecue restaurant there?
there's a nice place in healdsburg called bear republic brewing co.
that'll work. can you reserve a table for 3 at 1:30 in the afternoon?
you want a table for 3 on march 1st at 1:30 pm at the bear republic brewing co in healdsburg?
actually, can you make it for a quarter past 1 in the afternoon on the 10th?
okay, so for 1:15 pm on march 10th?
yes, perfect.
it's been booked.
what's their address?
it's over on 345 healdsburg avenue.
do they have live music?
no they don't, sorry.
thanks anyway.
is there anything else?
no that's it thanks.
have a good day.
I'm going to be at St. Helena soon. How's the weather there?
It's expected to be at an average of 82 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 22 percent chance of rain.
Good to know. That's reasonable. I'd like to find somewhere to eat there, preferably a place that serves California food and alcohol.
A St. Helena eatery that fits your needs would be Acacia House by Chris Cosentino.
Okay. That works for me.
Want to book a table there?
Yes. I want to book a table for three at evening 5:30 on Wednesday next week.
Sure thing. I'll book a table for 3 at Acacia House by Chris Cosentino in St. Helena at 5:30 pm on March 6th. Is that good with you?
Yes, that works just fine.
I have booked the table.
What's their phone number?
Their phone number is 707-963-9004.
Thanks for that. I don't need anything else from you.
Have a great day!
Could you check the weather forecast for me?
Which city will I check?
In Concord please.
There is a 16 % chance of rain and the ave temp will be 71 degrees fahrenheit.
right fine. Could you also help me source a restaurant there?
What type of food do you prefer?
Pasta would be great.
There are 3 restaurants that may suit. Pasta Primavera Cafe is good and is in Concord.
What other options have you?
Skipolini's Pizza has good reviews and is in Concord.
Are they pricey and do you have a phone number for them?
Pricing is moderate and you can contact them on 925-680-6888.
Yes that suits me fine.
Can I assist you with more?
I would like to book a table at that restaurant for one person at six pm.
To confirm then that is a booking for 1 at Skipolini's Pizza at 6 pm on March 1st in Concord city.
No I want to change that to 5th of March at 12:15 pm.
To confirm then that is the March 5th at 12:15 pm.
Yes that suits me fine.
Unfortunately I could not book that table, Skipolini's Pizza is a good restaurant so should I try to book for 1 on March 5th at 12 pm instead?
no that is ok.
Do you need any other assistance?
No thanks for your help.
Have a lovely day.
I want to know weather on March 5th
In which city you want
In Los Altos on March 1st
The average temperature for the day is 76 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 6 percent chance to rain
How windy and humid will it be?
Humidy around 19 percent and average wind speed should be 3 miles per hour
Cool find restaurant there
What kind of food you want like Italian or Chinese like that
Sushi kind I want
There are 4 restaurant in that akane Japanese restaurant is a good restaurant in Los Altos
Great make a reservation there
For what time is the reservation
Make it 13:30
Please confirm it : booking table at akane Japanese restaurant in Los Altos for 2 people on March 1st at 1:30 pm
Great. What's their contact information
Your booking is confirmed. Their phone number is 650-941-8150
Thanks a lot for this
Is there any other help from my side do you need
No thanks a lot for the help
Have a great day
Please help me check the weather in Clayton.
The expected average temperature is 70 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 1 percent chance of rain.
All right, cool. Please help me find a fancy restaurant there.
What type of cuisine did you have in mind?
Please find a Steakhouse restaurant.
There's a nice restaurant in Clayton known as Moresi's Chophouse.
Please find their address and see whether they have live music.
They are located at 6115 Main Street, and they don't have live music.
Okay, that is fine with me.
Should I go ahead and reserve a table here?
Yes, please go ahead and book a table.
For what time should I make the reservation?
Please book it for afternoon 12:15.
Okay. Please confirm that you'd like to reserve a table for 2 at Moresi's Chophouse in Clayton, for 12:15 pm on March 1st.
That is correct.
Unfortunately, I was unable to make your preferred reservation at the nice Moresi's Chophouse restaurant. There's an open table for 2 on March 1st at 12 pm. Shall I try that?
Yes, that's fine with me.
I have successfully made your reservation.
Thanks a lot.
Would you like my help with anything else?
No. Thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
Thank you, and do have yourself a wonderful day!
I need to find out the weather for March 1st.
Which city did you want to find out the weather for?
I need to know the weather in Olema, California.
The average temperature in Olema that day should be 91 degrees F with a 21 % chance of rain.
How windy is it expected to be and what will the humidity be like?
The average wind speed is looking like 3 mph and the humidity should be around 25 %.
Sure, sounds about right. I'd also like to find a restaurant there that serves alcohol.
What type of food were you looking for? You can say Chinese, Mexican, or anything else.
Gastropub food sounds perfect.
I found a nice restaurant in Olema, California called Sir and Star At The Olema.
Yes, that sounds good. I'd like to make a reservation at that restaurant.
What time did you want to make the booking for?
I'd like to book it for next Wednesday at evening 7:30.
Please confirm you're booking a table for 2 at Sir and Star At The Olema in Olema, California on March 6th at 7:30 pm.
Yes, that sounds good to me.
Your reservation has been confirmed.
Thanks a lot.
Did you need help with anything else?
No, but thank you.
Have a nice day.
I need to find out the weather in Daly City on March 7th.
The average temp in Daly City that day should be 75 degrees F with a 26 % chance of rain.
Sure, sounds right.
Did you need help with anything else?
I'd also like to find a restaurant there.
What type of food did you have in mind?
Noodles would be perfect.
I found 2 restaurants for you. One nice restaurant is Jade Dragon Restaurant in Daly City.
Did you have any other suggestions?
I also found a nice restaurant Koi Palace in Daly City.
Yes, that sounds good to me.
Did you want to reserve a table there?
Yes, I'd like to make a reservation for 2 on March 10th at one pm.
Please confirm you're booking a table for 2 at Koi Palace in Daly City on March 10th at 1 pm.
Yes, that sounds good. Where is the place located?
Your reservation has been confirmed. The address is 365 Gellert Boulevard.
Thanks a lot.
Did you need help with anything else?
No, but thank you again.
Have a nice day.
I would like to check out the weather in Pleasant Hill on March 5th.
The average temperature for the day should be about 74 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 3 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be?
There should be an average wind speed of about 12 miles per hour.
How humid will it be?
The humidity should be around 18 percent.
Okay. I would like to find a restaurant there.
What sort of food are you in the mood for? You can say something like Chinese, Mexican or anything else.
Barbecue food would be fantastic.
I have 2 restaurants. Back Forty Texas Bbq is a good restaurant in Pleasant Hill.
That works for me.
Do you want to make a reservation here?
Yes, please.
What time do you need the reservation?
It needs to be at 6:45 pm.
Okay, so you want to book a table at Back Forty Texas Bbq in Pleasant Hill. This reservation will be for 2 people at 6:45 pm on March 1st. Is this correct?
Yes, that works. Could you tell me the address?
I have successfully made your reservation. The address is 100 Coggins Drive.
Tell me their contact number.
The contact number is 925-935-1440.
Thanks so much. That's all I needed.
Have a great day.
Will you be nice and check the weather in Burlingame for me on March 11th please?
It tells me that the average temperature on that day is 91 degrees Fahrenheit with a 12 percent possibility of raining.
What is the humidity of the region and also what is the wind situation there?
Wind would average on 1 mile an hour speed. 34 percent is the approximate humidity.
Fine. Search for a restaurant there. I love Malaysian cuisine and I can afford intermediate priced food.
Burlingame has a nice place called Coconut Bay Thai Restaurant.
Is there any other restaurant you can find me?
How about the Narin Thai Cuisine in Burlingame?
That will be perfect.
Shall I reserve a table slot for you?
Sure, go right ahead with the reservation.
Tell me the time of reservation.
It should be at quarter past 11 in the morning.
So I should book a table for 2 at Narin Thai Cuisine in Burlingame. You want it at 11:15 am on March 1st?
Yep. Give me their phone digits as well.
I am so sorry I couldn't reserve it. Is there anything else I can do?
Try booking it again and this time let me do it for quarter to 1 in the afternoon.
So you want me to book a table for 2 at Narin Thai Cuisine in Burlingame on March 1st for 12:45 pm?
That is all correct.
I am sorry I couldn't get you the reservation. Can I try booking for 2 people in Narin Thai Cuisine on March 1st at 1 pm instead?
That will also work for me.
I have made your reservation.
Tell me their address.
It is located on 231 Park Road.
Thanks a lot!
Shall I do anything else for you?
Nope, that is fine. Thanks.
I wish you a nice day.
What's the weather like in Union City on March 10th?
86 degrees with a 9 % chance of rain
Thanks, I'd like to find a filipino restaurant.
There's 1 restaurant called Gerry's Grill in Union City
Perfect, please make me a reservation.
What time?
Half past 12 in the afternoon
Please confirm: a table for 2 at Gerry's Grill in Union City for 12:30 pm on march 1st
Perfect.
Reservation is complete.
Where are they located and do they play live music?
Yes, there's live music and the address is 31005 Courthouse Drive.
Perfect, thanks.
Would you like anything else?
No, thanks so much.
Enjoy your day.
Please check the weather on 11th of March.
Which city?
Saratoga please.
It's going to be 89 degrees Fahrenheit with 24 percent chance of rain.
Okay, please find me a restaurant there that serves alcohol.
Do you prefer Indian, American or anything else? What kind of food?
I like Italian kind of foods.
I got 1 restaurant in Saratoga and it's Sole Mio Ristorante Italiano.
Do they cater live music there?
No, they don't.
What is the address?
It's 14441 Big Basin Way.
That's good.
Will I reserve you table there?
Yes please.
What time do you like?
At 12 in the afternoon.
Okay, you want a table for 2 people in Sole Mio Ristorante Italiano in Saratoga on March 1st at 12 pm. Please confirm.
Yes, that's perfect!
Reservation done.
Thanks for all your help.
You are welcome.
I almost forgot I have this trip coming up. Can you check the weather for me in Burlingame on 5th of this month?
Sure. Looks like the average will be 81 degrees Fahrenheit with a 9 percent chance of rain.
Ok, and what's the humidity like?
It'll be around 17 percent.
How about the windiness?
Looks like it'll be about 4 miles per hour on average.
Ok, cool. Can you also help me book a restaurant there?
Sure, what kind of food do you prefer?
I'm in the mood for some Asian Fusion.
I found 4 Asian fusion places in Burlingame. How about Barracuda Japanese Restaurant?
Maybe - what else did you find?
There's also a Benihana in Burlingame.
Do they have live music there, and is it fancy?
No live music unfortunately. They're also a bit expensive.
Ah, that's fine. I'll go ahead and make a reservation for 12:30 pm on the 10th of March.
Ok, to confirm, you'd like to make a reservation for 2 people at Benihana in Burlingame on March 10th at 12:30 pm. Is that right?
No, actually, change it to dinner at 6:15 pm.
Ok, to confirm, you want to make a reservation at 6:15 pm for 2 people. Is that right?
No, actually, I'll probably have another friend joining Can you make it for three people?
Ok. To confirm, you want to book a reservation at Benihana for 3 people. Is that right?
Yes, that's perfect.
Ok, your reservation went through.
Cool, thanks. That's all for now.
Ok, have a good day.
Please check the weather in Danville on March 1st We have a company meeting there.
There's 24 percent chance of rain on that day. The average temperature is 83 degrees.
Okay, thanks!
Do you need help with anything else?
Yes, can you help me look for a restaurant there that offers spicy noodles?
There's a famous restaurant there that offers spicy noodles, it is called Lotus Thai Restaurant at Danville.
Is it cheap? And do they have live music?
No, they do not have live music. And the price range is moderate.
Okay, that's still good. Please make a reservation for 2 persons at 11:30 in the morning.
Please do confirm the following details, reservation at Lotus Thai Restaurant in Danville for 2 persons on March 1st. Reservation is at 11:30 am.
Yes, everything is fine. Do they have alcoholic drinks?
Booking is confirmed but they do not have serve alcoholic drinks.
Okay. DO you have their contact number and exact address?
Their phone number is 925-743-8424 and the exact address is 115 Hartz Avenue.
Okay, thanks for your help!
Do you need help with anything else?
No,that would be all. Thank you!
You're welcome.Have a wonderful day.
Tell me what the weather will be on the March 11th in Belmont.
It will be 71 degrees with a 21 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity and the wind speed?
The humidity is 7 percent with the wind at 8 miles per hour.
I see. Find me a restaurant to eat at near there.
Do you prefer Mexican, Chinese, or some other type of food?
I am looking for some Parisian food.
Search found 1 restaurant. It is the Iron Gate Restaurant in Belmont.
That is great.
Do you want to make a reservation now?
Yes, book me a table.
What time do you want to eat?
Book a table for 2 at 1 in the afternoon.
You want a booking for 2 people at the Iron Gate Restaurant in Belmont for 1 pm on March 1st. Is that right?
That is perfect.
Your booking is complete.
Thanks a lot. That is everything.
Have a great day.
I'd like to check the weather please.
Where should I check the weather at?
I'd like to know the weather in Cloverdale on March 11th.
The average temperature will be 76 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 1 percent chance of rain.
That's great. I'd like to find a restaurant there.
What kind of food do you want?
Cafe food would be great.
I have found 1 restaurant. Papa's Pizza Cafe is a great place in Cloverdale.
Do they play live music?
No, they do not play live music.
Is it a budget restaurant?
Their price range is moderate.
That'll be fine.
Would you like to get a table?
Yes, please make the reservation.
What time do you want it at?
I'd like it at 1:45 pm.
Please confirm the following: You want a table for 2 people at Papa's Pizza Cafe in Cloverdale on March 1st at 1:45 pm.
Yes, that'll be fine. What's their number and address?
Their address is 105 North Cloverdale Boulevard and their number is 707-894-4453. I was unable to reserve that table. Papa's Pizza Cafe is a great place. Shall I try to reserve a table for 2 people on March 1st at 1:30 pm?
Yes, that'll be fine.
The table is booked.
Thanks so much!
Is there anything else?
Nope, thanks again!
Have a great day!
Can you check the weather in El Sobrante on March 13th?
The temperature will reach 82 and there is a 15 perent chance for rain.
What will the wind speeds be?
The wind speeds will be 8 miles per hour.
How about the humidity?
That is expected to be 19 percent.
What will the weather be like in Portola Valley on this Saturday?
The temperatue will be 86 degrees with a 13 percent chance for rain.
Okay can you find me a economical priced pizza spot there please?
How about Parkside Grille in Portola Valley?
Yes that fine, can you make the reservation please.
What time did you want me to schedule your reservation?
Make my reservation for 11:15 in the morning.
Okay that is reservations for 2 at Parkside Grille in Portola Valley on March 1st at 11:15 am?
No it would just be reservations for 1 and make the time 11:45 in the morning please.
Okay that is going to be reservations for 1 at 11:45 am?
Yes that is correct. Do they play live music and can I have the address.
The address for Parkside Grille is 884 Portola Road A1. They only have a table for 1 available on March 1st for 12 pm, would that be okay?
Yes that will work just fine.
Great, your reservation is complete.
Thank you so much
Do you need anything else?
No, that will be all thank you.
You are welcome.
What weather will be in San Lorenzo on March 8th?
Average temperature: 90 degrees Fahrenheit. Chance of rain: 25 percent
Will it be a windy and humid day?
Average wind speed: 11 miles per hour. Expected humidity: around 22 percent
Ok, thanks. And on March 7th?
Average temperature: 86 degrees Fahrenheit. Chance of rain: 24 percent
Perfect! I want a restaurant there
Do you prefer Italian, American or other kind of food?
I prefer some Punjabi kind of food
There is 1 restaurant in San Lorenzo: Flavor Of India North & South Cuisine
Is it an expensive restaurant?
No, its price range is inexpensive
Perfect! Are there liquors in the restaurant? What is the phone number?
No, there aren't liquors, they don't serve alcohol. The number is 510-500-9677
Ok, It's fine for me!
Do you want to book a table?
Yes, please. I need a table for 2 people at 6 in the evening
A table for 2 people at Flavor Of India North & South Cuisine in San Lorenzo, on March 1st at 6 pm. Is it correct?
Yes it is. Is there live music?
No there isn't live music. Your table is booked
Where is the restaurant located?
At 15930 Hesperian Boulevard
Thanks for helping!
Do you need anything else?
No, It's all
Have a great day
What's the weather forecast for Livermore on March 12th.
The forecast for Livermore calls for an average temperature of 83 degrees iwth a 29 percent chance of rain.
What about Benicia on March 10th.
The forecast for Benicia calls for an average temperature of 79 degrees with a 10 percent chance of rain.
Ok. Where can I go eat there? Maybe some place reasonably priced with coffee & light bites.
How about the First St. Cafe in Benicia?
Cool. Do they have live music.
The First St. Cafe does have live music.
Do they serve drinks as well? Where are they located?
The First St Cafe serves some alcoholic beverages. It is locates at 440 1st Street.
Ok. Any place else?
How about Nine Zero Seven in Benicia?
Any place else?
How about The Rellik Tavern in Benicia?
That sounds interesting. Make a reservation there for two at 13:45 on March 9th.
You want a table for 2 at The Rellik Tavern in Benicia for 1:45 PM on March 9th. Is that correct?
That is correct.
Your reservation is confirmed.
Great! Thanks for the help.
Let me know if you need anything further.
What's the weather looking like for March 2nd?
What city are you interested in?
Search in Burlingame, please.
The forecast calls for an average temperature of 84 degrees Fahrenheit with a 3 percent chance of rain.
Okay, that sounds good. Can you help me find a restaurant nearby? I would like something economical, preferably American food.
How about 37 North? That's a nice restaurant in Burlingame.
Yes, that will be fine. Please make a reservation there for 1 person at 6:15 pm.
Please confirm your request: You are booking a table for 1 at 37 North in Burlingame. Your reservation will be for March 1st at 6:15 pm.
Yes, that's right.
Sorry, I was not able to make your reservation at 37 North on March 1st. Would you like to try for a table for 1 at 6 pm instead?
Yes, please do that.
Your reservation has been made successfully.
Thanks, that was all for now.
Have a great day.
Hi, could you help me check the weather in Montara on March 7th please?
Sure. the average temperature on that day is 88 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
May I know how humid will it be on that day?
It is expected to be 15 percent humid.
Sure, could you help me search for an expensive priced restaurant which serves fish?
Sure, there is 1 restaurant located in Montara called La Costanera.
May I have their contact number please?
Sure, you can contact them at 650-728-1600.
Thank you, that is fine with me.
Do you require further assistance?
Could you also help make a reservation please?
Sure, what time would you like to dine in?
4:30 pm is perfect for me.
Please confirm your reservation fro 2 people at La Costanera in Montara at 4:30 pm on March 1st.
Sure, I am fine with that.
Sorry, I am unable to make your reservation, could I further assist you with something else?
Could you make the booking again for one in the afternoon please?
Please confirm your reservation fro 2 people at La Costanera in Montara at 1 pm on March 1st.
Sure, this is fine with me. May I know if they have live music on venue?
Sorry, they do not have live music played. Your reservation has been made!
Sure, that is all the help I need.
No worries, enjoy your meal!
Whats the weather like in Rutherford on the March 10th?
Average temperature should be 79 degrees. There's a 23 percent chance of rainfall.
What about humidy and wind?
You are looking at an average wind speed of 10 miles per hour. Humidity> Around 39 percent.
Any restaurants around there where I can unwind with a drink?
You got a craving for any particular cuisine.
Burgers might hit the spot.
I see 1. Try Rutherford Grill in Rutherford.
Can you grab me a table.
For what time?
5 pm for 1.
Table for 1 at Rutherford Grill in Rutherford at 5 pm on MArch 1st?
Yes. Will this kill my wallet. Where are they exactly?
You have a table at 1180 Rutherford Road. Its in the moderate range, price-wise.
Excellent. I'm all set.
Take care then.
What's the weather gonna be like March 7th?
What city are you talking about?
Sunnyvale
The temperature will be around 94 degrees Fahrenheit. There's a 25 percent it will rain.
I'd like a restaurant there.
What type of food do you like?
I want take-out food.
I found 2 restaurants for you. Bombay To Goa is in Sunnyvale.
Do they sell alcohol? Where is it?
They don't sell alcohol. Their address is 151 East El Camino Real.
Okay. I'd like a reservation.
What time would you like the reservation?
A half past 6 in the evening.
A table for 2 at Bombay To Goa in Sunnyvale at 6:30 pm on March 1st. Is this what you want?
That's it. Do they have a fancy price range?
Your reservation has been made. They have a moderate price range.
Is there live music? What's their number?
There's no live music. Their number is 408-245-9999.
Thanks for your help.
Do you need anything else.
No, that's all.
Have a nice day.
Hey, can you tell me the weather on March 1st in Valley Ford?
Sure, it'll be around 72 degrees with a 6 percent chance of rain.
Okay thanks. How about in Pinole on March 11th?
It'll be around 89 degrees with a 17 percent chance of rain.
Nice, thanks. Can you find a song for me?
Of course. How about Mahzouz by Tamer Ashor from the album Khayali?
What genre is it?
It's a pop song.
Is there anything else?
How about What I need by the album Expectations from Hayley Kiyoko?
Is there anything else? I like All That Remains. Anything from the Madness album?
I found 1 good song. How about The Thunder Rolls from the Madness album by All That Remains?
What genre is it?
It's a rock song.
Nice, sounds perfect.
Should I play it now?
Sure, cast it to my bedroom speaker.
Okay, please confirm that you'd like to play The Thunder Rolls on bedroom speaker.
No, play it on the display.
Okay, I'll play The Thunder Rolls on the TV.
That's perfect, thanks.
The song is playing now.
Thanks a lot, that's all.
No worries, bye.
I'll be going on a short trip to Napa next Tuesday. Can you check what the weather will be like?
Sure, it looks like it'll be an average of 79 degrees Fahrenheit with a 2 percent chance of rain.
Great, how about the humidity?
It will be around 15 percent.
Ok, can you also check Olema, California on the 12th of March while you're at it?
Sure, it looks like it'll be an average of 77 degrees Fahrenheit with a 21 percent chance of rain.
Ok, and how humid and windy will it be?
It looks like the humidity will be around 19 percent with an average wind speed of 6 miles per hour.
Cool, thanks. I'm in the mood for some music now. Can you put on a song?
Sure, I found a playlist with 10 songs you might like. How about Dem Beats by Todrick Hall from the album Forbidden?
Nah, not feeling it right now. What else is there?
There's also Strangers by Sigrid from the album Sucker Punch.
What else can you find? I'm in the mood for some Country, like Sugarland maybe.
Ok, how about Babe by Sugarland from the album Bigger?
Oh yeah, that would be great. Can you put it on?
Sure. I'll play Babe on the TV, is that ok?
No, put it on the bedroom speaker.
Ok. To confirm, you want to play Babe on the bedroom speaker. Is that right?
Yes, that's right.
Ok, it's playing now.
Cool, thank you.
Sure, anything else I can do?
No, that's all. Thanks.
No problem. Have a good day.
Could you tell me the weather conditions please?
In what city please?
In Windsor please.
It will be around 86 degrees Fahrenheit with a 21 percent possibility of showers.
Thank you. Help me find a song please?
I found 10 songs for you. How about listening to Let It Be by Hayley Kiyoko from the Expectations album?
Do you have any Lady Gaga songs?
Sure, there are 8 songs to choose from. Maybe you'd like to hear the Lady Gaga song Always Remember Us This Way from the A Star Is Born Soundtrack?
From what genre?
From the genre Soundtracks.
That will work.
Shall I play that now?
Okay, thank you.
Confirming playback on TV of Always Remember Us This Way.
Perfect, thank you.
The song is playing.
Great, thanks again.
Do you need anything else right now?
No, not right now.
Thank you very much.
What is the weather like in inverness?
It should be 90 degrees fahrenheit with a 4 percent chance of rain.
Great. I would like to listen to some music.
Would you like to hear Paris by sabrina carpenter from the album singular act I?
That would be great.
Would you need anything else?
Just to hear the song.
You want to hear Paris on the tv?
Yes, that's right.
The song has started.
What genre is it?
It is a pop song.
Thanks. That would be all.
Enjoy your day.
I need to see what the weather is like in El Cerrito on the March 11th.
It'll have an average temperature of 87 degrees, with a 10 percent chance of rain.
Good to know. I now want to listen to some metal music, preferably by Five Finger Death Punch.
I found 2 songs by Five Finger Death Punch you might like. How about I Apologize from the album Got Your Six?
That sounds great! Go ahead and play it on my display.
So, I should play I Apologize on your TV?
Actually, I'd rather you play it on the speaker in the bedroom.
I should instead play I Apologize through your bedroom speaker?
That is correct.
I have started playing the song.
Thanks! That's all I need from you.
Have a great day!
What is the weather in Fairfax on the 12th?
The average temperature is 94 degrees with a 23 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity and the wind predicted to be?
The humidity is expected to be 41 percent and the wind should be around 7 MPH.
Cool, can you find me some music?
I found 10 songs including Big Bad Wolf by In This Moment from the CD Black Widow.
What is the genre?
Metalcore.
Cool, play it on the kitchen speaker.
Please confirm, playing Big Bad Wolf on kitchen speaker.
Yes, that is correct.
Plays song.
Thanks!
Anything else?
No, thanks!
Have a nice day.
Check weather for March 13th.
What city do you want?
The city is Los Gatos.
It will be 91 degrees with a 28 percent chance of rain.
How humid will it be?
The humidity will be 37 %.
How about the wind?
The average speed of the wind will be 1 mile per hour.
How about some song?
I found 10 songs. How about Darkside by Alan Walker in Different World?
How about Sing to Me Instead?
I have Bad Habit from Sing to Me Instead by Ben Platt.
I like Ben Platt and pop song. Do you have more?
By Ben Platt, I have Ease My Mind from Sing to Me Instead.
I want to hear it.
Do you want to play now?
Cast it to television.
Confirm on TV to play Ease My Mind.
No play it on Bedroom Speaker.
Confirm Ease my Mind on Bedroom Speaker.
I confirm that all.
The song is playing.
That is all I need.
Have a great day.
I want to know what the weather would be like?
For which city?
For albany.
It would be 92 degrees fahrenheit with a 19 percent chance of rain.
Great. I want to hear pop songs by pitbull from the album climate change.
There is 1 song. Would like to hear options by pitbull from the climate change?
That would be fine.
You want to hear the song now?
Yes. Play it in my kitchen.
You would like to hear options on your kitchen speaker?
Yes, that's right.
The song has started.
Thanks a lot.
Would you need anything else?
No. Thanks very much.
Enjoy your day.
What is the weather in San Francisco like this Saturday?
The temperature for the day will be 72 degrees and there is a 15 percent chance of rain.
Could you find me a song from Amr Diab from the album Shoft El Ayam, I like Middle Eastern music.
There is 1 song, Ana Mosh Anani by Amr Diab from the album Shoft El Ayam.
Yes, play the song on device available.
Play Ana Mosh Anani on Tv.
Play it on speaker in the bedroom instead.
Ana Mosh Anani playing on bedroom speaker.
Yes, that is correct.
The song is playing.
Thank you for your help.
Can I help with something else?
No, that is all I needed.
Have a good day.
What will the weather be on March 1st?
Which city do you want to know about?
I would like to know the weather in Sunol
Average temperature: 92 degrees Fahrenheit. Chance of rain: 12 percent
Ok, thank you!
Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'd like to listen a Classical song
There are 8 songs. Do you like Cocaine March by Nico Cartosio in album Melting?
Yes, I like it!
Do you want to listen it right now?
Yes, please, play it on bedroom speaker
Play Cocaine March on bedroom speaker. Is it correct?
Yes, It's correct
The song starts playing
Thank you for helping
Have a nice day
Could you tell me the weather?
Where did you want me to check?
Check Chicago please.
Today's weather shows 73 degrees as the average and a 29 percent chance that it will rain.
That's good to know, would you look for some songs for me?
I pulled up these 10 I thought you would enjoy does this one interest you - Pretty Girl Team by Alkaline off the Alkaline Masterpiece album?
I like that song, play it on the kitchen speaker please.
That's Pretty Girl Team to be played over the kitchen speaker, do I have that right?
You certainly do.
I am playing the song now.
Great, you can go now.
Have a most superior day.
Can you help me check the weather for March 1st for Campbell?
Sure. There will be a 4 percent change of rain with an average temperature of 91 degrees Fahrenheit.
OK. Can you find some Electropop songs? I'd like some Halsey.
How about Halsey playing Colors from the album Badlands?
Anything else available?
How about Control by Halsey from the album Badlands?
Anything else available?
How about Gasoline by Halsey from the album Badlands?
This one's awesome.
Do you want me to play it?
Sure, go ahead and cast it to the kitchen speaker.
Can you please confirm that you want me to play Gasoline on the kitchen speaker?
On second thought please play it on my tv.
Can you confirm that you want me to play Gasoline on TV?
Yes, please do.
I've started playing it.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thanks again.
Have a nice day!
Please check the weather on March 7th.
For which city?
Please check San Jose.
The average temperature will be 80 degrees with a 29 percent chance of rain.
Okay. Please find me some rock songs like the Brunettes Shoot Blondes in the Bittersweet album.
Knock Knock by the Brunettes Shoot Blondes is on the Bittersweet album.
Okay that works.
Should I play the song?
Yes. Please play on any device.
Please confirm you want me to play Knock Knock on the TV.
Yes. Thank you.
The song has started.
Thanks so much.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No. That will be all.
Okay. Please enjoy your day.
I need the weather forecast for the 7th.
What city would you like to check the weather?
Please check Ciudad de Mexico
For that day there is a 6 percent chaning of rain and the average temperature should be 93 degrees Fahrenheit.
What will the humidity be? Will it be windy?
The humidity will be around 24 percent and the average wind speed 5 miles per hour.
Thanks. Can you sind some songs for me?
I found 10 songs. Do you like Stitches by Shawn Mendes on the album Handwritten?
That sounds great. Please play the song.
Please confirm: play Stitches on the TV.
That is correct. What genre is that?
The song is now playing. It's a pop song.
Thanks.
Can I assist you with something else?
No thanks.
Enjoy your day.
Can you check the weather in Paris, France for me?
The average temperature in Paris, France should be 77 degrees Farenheit. There is also a 26 percent chance of rain.
Okay. Can you find me some songs to listen to?
Sure. I found 10 songs for you. What about Stay by Rihanna? It is from the album Unapologetic.
Anything else? I really like songs by Lorde.
I found 4 songs by Lorde. How about Buzzcut Season from the album Pure Heroine?
Great, can you play this song?
Confirming that you want me to play Buzzcut Season on the TV?
Yes. What type of song is this?
It is an Electropop song. Your song is starting.
Thank you.
Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I will go to Millbrae soon. Can you check the weather in there on March 6th?
The temperature will be around 88 degrees Fahrenheit with a 8 percent chance of raining.
That seems nice. Could you play me a song?
There are 10 songs for you. Do you want to reproduce The Zombie Song by Stephanie Mabey from the album Wake Up Dreaming?
Sure, that sounds great.
Do you want to reproduce it?
Yes, please play it.
Please confirm: Playing The Zombie Song on the TV.
No, play it on the speaker in the bedroom.
Please confirm: Playing The Zombie Song on the bedroom speaker.
That is correct. What is the genre of the song?
Playing song. It is a Pop song.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that would be all.
Have a great day.
I would like to check the weather.
Which city are you interested in?
I would like Berkeley.
The temperature for that day will be 91 F with a 17 percent chance of rain.
What about the March 6th.
The temperature on average will be 84 degrees F with a 7 percent chance of rain.
What about Long Beach on the 13th of March?
The average temperature will be 72 degrees F with a 9 % chance of rain.
Will you find me some songs?
I have 10 songs you might like including Stone Cold by Demi Lovato in the album Confident.
That will be great.
Would you like to play music now?
Yes, I would.
Please confirm the song Stone Cold on TV.
That would be correct. Which genre?
I started playing a Pop song.
Thanks that will be all.
Have a great day.
i want to check the weather in calistoga on the 3rd of this month.
the weather that day should be 76 degrees and there'll be a 6 percent chance of rain.
how humid will it be?
it'll be around 23 percent.
ok, can you find me songs to paly?
what do you think of riverside by agnes obel off the philharmonics album?
what genre is that?
it's folk music.
is there anything else?
there's also thursday by jess glynne off the always in between album.
cool, play that one.
you want to play thursday on the tv?
yeah
the song is playing.
thanks, that's everything.
have a good day.
What will the weather be like in Pleasant Hill on the 9th of March?
The temperature should average 83 degrees and there will be a 26 percent chance of rain.
Okay, thanks. Could you look up some songs for me? There's a lot of good ones on the album Narrated For You.
I've found 7 results that you might like. How about Boy In The Bubble by Alec Benjamin from the album Narrated For You?
What's the genre of that song?
It's a Pop song.
Okay, that sounds good. Please play the song.
Okay. I just want to make sure. You want me to play Boy In The Bubble on the TV, right?
No. Please play it on the speaker in the bedroom.
Okay, so you want me to play Boy In The Bubble on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, that is right.
I've started the song for you.
Thanks. That will be it.
Have a great day!
I would like to check the weather in Hercules.
The average temperature is projected to be 81 F and there is a 19 percent chance of rain.
Okay, thanks, Can you find me some songs by Alkaline?
I found 1 song you might like. How about Pretty Girl Team by Alkaline from the album Alkaline Masterpiece?
Sure, that sounds good.
Should I play it now?
Yeah, play it on my display.
You would like to play Pretty Girl Team on the TV, is that correct?
Yes, that's right.
Now playing the song.
Thanks, that is all I need for now.
Alright, have a nice day!
Can you tell me what the weather is suppose to be like on Wednesday next week in Hercules?
The average temperature is suppose to be 84 degrees with a 12 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy?
Wind speed should be 6 miles an hour.
Okay. Thanks. I'd like to hear some songs now.
I found 10 that you might like. Would you like Without Me on the album Covers by Alec Chambers?
What's another one?
There's Hyang Giri from the album Mahandini by Dewa Budjana.
What kind of song is it?
A Pop song.
What's another one?
There's Open Up from After The Landslide by Matt Simons.
What kind of music is that?
It is also Pop.
Okay. I'd like to play that one.
You would like to hear Open Up on the TV. Is that correct?
Yes, that's right.
Your song will start now.
Thanks so much.
Did you need anything else?
No. That'll do it for now.
Have a great day.
What is the weather going to be like on March 6th in Seattle, WA?
The average temperature is forecasted to be 64 Fahrenheit, and there is a 27 percent chance of rain.
What's the wind like?
Average wind speed should be 4 miles per hour.
And the humidity?
Humidity will be around 29 percent.
Okay, thank you.
Is there anything else you need?
I'd like to listen to some pop songs from the album Illuminate.
How about the song Bad Reputation by Shawn Mendes from the album Illuminate?
Sounds good, can you play that now?
You'd like to play Bad Reputation on the TV, is that correct?
Yeah, that's fine.
Now playing the song.
Great, thank you.
Is there anything else you need?
No, that's all, thanks.
Alright, enjoy your day!
I wish to check the weather in Nairobi on march 1st.
105 degrees Fahrenheit is the average temperature for the day and 0 percent chances of rain there.
How about windy?
7 miles per hour is the average wind speed.
Fine. Can you search me some songs?
I have short listed 10 songs of your likings. What is your opinion about Shiroyama in album The Last Stand by Sabaton.
That is fine.
Any other help you need?
I like to run the song.
Please give confirmation details: Run Shiroyama on TV.
Fine. that's correct.
Song started playing.
Thank you so much.
Any other help you want?
No, thanks a lot.
Have a great day.
I like to check the weather on 11th of march.
In which city you want to check the weather?
I want to check in Sunol.
The average day temperature is running at 76 degrees Fahrenheit and the chances of rain is 2 percent
Okay, fine. Can you search some songs for me?
I searched 10 songs of your liking. What about the song So High in the album Peace of Mind by Rebelution?
That's very nice.
Are you like to play the song now?
Yes, i want to listen.
Please give confirmation details: Run so high on TV
Yes, this is cool.
Song started playing now.
Can you tell me its genre?
The song is a Reggae song.
Thank you so much.
Any help you want from me?
No, thank you so much.
Have a great day.
What's the forecast for the 8th in Sydney?
99 degrees F with a 7 % chance of rain.
Humidity?
21 percent.
Ok. Find some country songs, on the Honky Tonk Time Machine album.
How about Codigo by George Strait off of Honky Tonk Time Machine?
Great, play it.
Please confirm: play Codigo on tv.
Play it on my bedroom speaker.
Please confirm: play Codigo on bedroom speaker.
Yes.
Playing now.
Thanks.
What else can I help you with?
Nothing, thanks.
Have a nice day.
I want to check the weather condition in Daly City on March 12th. Can you help me to check there?
Yes, please note that the average level of Temperature will be 83 degrees Fahrenheit and there will be a chace of 8 % for rain fall there on that day.
What about wind speed?
It should be around 12 miles per hour in average. Anything else?
Yes, I want to listen some nice songs by Ben Platt. Can you help me to find the one?
Found 4 songs and what about a song Bad Habit by Ben Platt in the album Sing to me Instead?
Search for some other songs.
Another one song Ease my Mind by Ben Platt was found which is also in from the album Sing to me instead. What is your opinion about this song.
Nothing, can you search for some other songs by Battle Beast and in the album No More Hollywood Endings which contains lot of best songs.
Found 1. What about Eden by Battle Beast in the album No More Hollywood Endings?
That's the one I want and please play it for me now.
Need your confirmation to play the song Eden on TV.
Confirmed. Please proceed.
Song started playing and you can enjoy it now.
Thanks for your help.
Anything else you need?
No, thanks for all.
Have a good day.
What will the weather be in Chi-town on the 10th?
The temperature averages 65 degrees and has a 35 percent chance of rain.
What is the wind speed?
Wind will be 8 miles per hour.
What is the humidity level?
Humidity will hover near 54 percent.
I see. What is the weather there today?
The temperature will be around 73 degrees and there is a 29 percent chance of rain.
I see. Play me come Country songs by Jawga Boyz.
Search revealed 2 songs. Do you like All The Girls Wanna Ride by Jawga Boyz on the Kuntry album?
That is the one.
Shall I play the song for you now?
Yes, play the song now.
You want to cast the song All The Girls Wanna Ride on the TV, correct?
That is right.
Your song has started.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need more help?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
Can you check the weather for me on March 4th in Los Angeles?
The forecast is for an average temperature of 81 degrees Fahrenheit with a 16 percent chance of rain.
Alright, how about the weather on day after tomorrow?
The forecast for that day is an average temperature of 89 degrees Fahrenheit with 0 percent chance of rain.
What's the humidity and wind supposed to be like?
Humidity is expected to be around 15 percent, and winds will be around 8 miles per hour.
Alright, how about the weather in Olema, California?
The forecast for Olema is an average temperature of 87 degrees Fahrenheit with 23 percent chance of rain.
Alright, thanks. Can you find me some pop songs to listen to?
Do you like the song Adorn by Miguel from the album Kaleidoscope Dream?
Any other suggestions? I like Prince Royce, especially their songs from the album Double Vision.
How about the song Back It Up by Prince Royce from the album Double Vision?
Yeah, that sounds great.
Should I play that for you now?
Yeah, you can play it in my kitchen.
You would like to play the song Back it Up on the kitchen speaker, correct?
Actually, play it on the TV instead.
Okay, so you would like to play Back it Up on the TV, is that correct?
Yeah that's perfect.
Now playing the song.
Thanks so much.
Is there anything else you need?
No, that is all for now.
Okay, have a nice day!
I have to verify the weather on the 7th.
What metropolis would you like to verify the weather for/
The city is Cloverdale.
The average temperature for that date ought to be 88 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 22 percent likelihood it will rain.
Okay, alright. Can you look for some music? I prefer music by Kane Brown.
What is your opinion about Homesick by Kane Brown in his album Experiment?
What is the music's genre?
It is Country music.
That sounds wonderful.
Do you wish to cast the song now?
Alright, that's fine.
Please verify the following information: cast Homesick on TV.
Nope. Cast it on speaker in the bedroom.
Please verify the following information: cast Homesick on bedroom speaker.
Alright, that's right.
The music began playing.
Thank you for your assistance.
Is there something else I can assist with?
No, thank you for your assistance.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
What's the weather forecast for the March 11th?
What city's weather would you like?
I want weather for Fairfield.
The forecast average temperature for the day is 89 degrees Fahrenheit. There's a 13 percent chance it will rain.
Thanks. Would you please find me a song?
I have 10 songs for your review. Do you like Tom Ford by Teodora, from the album Borbena?
What else is available? I feel like Zac Brown Band.
I have 2 songs that match. How about Colder Weather by Zac Brown Band, from the album Pass The Jar?
Yes, that one.
Do you want to play it now?
Yes, play it.
Please confirm: You are playing Colder Weather on the TV.
Yes. What's the genre for that song?
It's a country song. It is playing now.
Thanks.
Is there anything else I can do?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Enjoy your music.
What's the weather forecast for the Sunday this week in Inverness?
The forecast calls for an average temperature of 88 degrees Fahrenheit that day. The chance of rain is 22 percent.
How windy or humid will it be that day?
The forecast wind speed is 1 mile per hour, with about 24 percent humidity.
Okay, sounds good. Please play some music for me.
I have 10 songs for you to try. How about playing Cirice by Ghost, from the album Meliora?
What genre of music is that?
It's a metal song.
Yes! Please play that one.
Do you want to play it right now?
Yes, send it to the kitchen speaker.
Please confirm your request to play Cirice on the kitchen speaker.
Yes, go ahead.
Your music is now playing.
Thanks, that's all.
Enjoy your music!
Can you tell me what the weather is in San Pablo?
I'd be happy to. There is only a 2 percent chance of rain and the average temperature is predicted to be 73 degrees Fahrenheit.
It's going to be a beautiful day.
Can I assist you with something else?
Yes, I'd like to listen to some music.
I have 10 songs you might enjoy. May I suggest First True Love by Kolohe Kai from the album Love Town?
What kind of music is that?
It's considered a Reggae song.
I love reggae. Can you play it on the display please?
You'd like hear First True Love played on the TV. Is that correct?
Yes, that would be perfect.
Your music selection has begun.
Great. That will be all for now.
Enjoy the music.
What is the weather forecast for the March 3rd?
What city would you like the weather forecast for?
Pinole
A 24 percent change of rain is forecasted for that day with an average temperate of 89 degrees.
Ok, can you look for some Reggae songs for me. Protoje is my favorite.
The 1 song I found that you may like is Who Knows from the album Ancient Future by Protoje.
Perfect.
Do you want to listen to the song now?
Yes.
You woul dike to play Who Knows on your TV, is that right?
Yes.
The song will play now.
Thanks!
Do you need anything else?
Nope, all done.
Enjoy your day!
What is the weather like on the March 4th?
In which city should I look?
The weather in Mill Valley.
The weather should be around 90 degrees and there is a 7 percent chance of rain.
How humid will the temperature be?
There is about a 18 percent humidity.
Could you find a song from Jessie J album Who You Are?
There is 1 song Mamma Knows Best by Jessie J from the album Who you are.
Yes, play it on the kitchen device.
Play Mamma knows best on the kitchen speaker.
No, play it on bedroom speaker instead.
Play Mamma Knows Best on bedroom speaker.
Yes, thank you. What is the genre of the song?
The genre of the song is pop.
Thank you for your help.
Can I help with anything else?
No, that is all.
Have a good day.
Tell me what the weather will be on March 6th.
What city shall I search for?
Check the weather in Belmont.
The weather will be 91 degrees with a 24 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity and the wind speed?
The humidity will be 28 percent with the wind at 4 miles per hour.
I see. Find me some Pop songs.
I found Adorn by Miguel on the Kaleidoscope Dream album.
Can you find something else?
I found African Beauty by Diamond Platnumz on A Boy From Tandale album.
That works for me.
Shall I cast the song now?
Yes, cast it on my television.
You want to cast African Beauty on the TV. Is that right?
That is right.
Your song is now playing.
Thanks a lot. That is all.
Have a great day.
What's the forecast for Rutherford 4th of this month?
Average of 88 degrees and a 12 percent chance of rain.
Ok. Find some songs for me.
I found 10 songs. Try Moon by Kid Francescoli on Play Me Again.
What genre is it?
Pop.
Great.
Do you want to play now?
Sure.
Please confirm: play Moon on tv.
Yes.
Playing now.
Thanks.
Anything else?
No, thanks.
Have a nice day.
I want to check the Weather condition for which I need your help.
In which City you want to check for the weather condition?
I want to check it in Santa Rosa.
Temperature level will be 83 degrees Fahrenheit in average and there will be 6 % chances for Rain fall.
Thanks for that and I want to search for some Pop type songs I think it will nice for me to hear it now.
What about a song Adorn by Miguel in the Album Kaleidoscope Dream? This is the best one I think and loved by most of the people. Hope you will also like it.
Yes, this is a good song but I need something else which could be an interested one.
How about a song African Beauty by Diamond PLatnumz in the album A Boy From Tandale?
That is the one I want. Please play the song on my Bedroom speaker. I want to listen it now.
Please confirm to play the song African Beauty on bedroom speaker.
That is okay to proceed.
Song started playing now and you can enjoy.
Thanks for your help.
Anything else you need for now?
No, that's all, thank you.
Have a great day.
Can you check to see what the weather forecast will be in Mill Valley on March 1st?
They are calling for a 24 percent chance of rain with a temperature around 79 degrees.
Thanks. Can you find some music for me?
Would you like to hear Gold by Nick Murphy from the Built On Glass album?
No. Can you check for something from The Martin Garrix Experience album?
Certainly. Would you like to hear High On Life by Martin Garrix from The Martin Garrix Experience ?
Yes that's the one.
Shall I play it now?
Yes. Please play it on my bedroom speaker.
To confirm: You wish to play High On Life on bedroom speaker. Is this correct?
Yes it is.
Your song has begun.
What Genre is this?
It is Pop.
Thank you. That will be all.
Have a nice day.
I need to check out the weather for the the 14th in East Palo Alto.
The average temperature is 80 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 4 percent chance of rain.
How windy is it? And how humid will it be?
The average wind speed is about 5 miles per hour and there's 21 percent humidity.
Awesome. Could you find me a song?
How about Let Me Down Slowly by Alec Benjamin from Narrated For You?
What's the genre?
It's a Pop song.
That sounds great.
Would you like to play the song now?
That would be great. Play it on the bedroom device.
Please confirm the following: You want to play Let Me Down Slowly on the bedroom speaker.
No, play it on my television instead.
Please confirm the following: You want to play Let Me Down Slowly on the TV.
Yes, that's right.
The song is now playing.
Thanks so much.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thanks so much.
Have a great day!
Check the weather in Albany.
The temperature is 92 degrees with a 19 percent chance of rain.
How humid is it?
The humidity is 29 %.
How about March 4th in Occidental?
It will be 84 with a 20 percent chance of rain.
What is the wind speed and humidity?
It will be 2 miles per hour and humidity is 18 %.
Thanks for the info.
Is there anything else?
How about a Sabaton song.
I have Night Witches by Sabaton in Heroes.
I want to hear it.
Confirm on TV Night Witches.
Play it on kitchen device.
Confirm Night Witches on Kitchen speaker.
Change to bedroom device.
Confirm Night Witches on Bedroom Speaker.
That is what I want.
The song is starting.
What is the genre?
The gemre is metal.
That is all I need.
Have a great day.
Please check the weather on March 13th.
Which city?
Calistoga please.
It's going to be 81 degrees Fahrenheit with 2 percent chance of rain.
How about in South San Francisco?
It's going to be 91 degrees Fahrenheit with 12 percent chance of rain.
How windy and humid it's going to be?
Humidity is 31 percent and wind speed should be 10 miles per hour.
Thanks.Please find me Country songs like Kacey Musgraves' s songs in album Golden Hour.
Do you like Butterflies by Kacey Musgraves from the album Golden Hour?
That's nice!
Will I play the music now?
Yes play it on speaker in the bedroom.
Okay, you want to play Butterflies on bedroom speaker. Please confirm.
Play it on TV, please.
Okay, you want to play Butterflies on TV. Please confirm.
That's good.
It is now playing.
Thanks so much.
Anything else I can help you with?
Nothing for now. Thanks
Very much welcome!
I would like to know the weather in Alamo for the 9th of March.
The days is supposed to be 93 degrees with a 10 percent chance of rain.
How windy is it going to be and what about the humidity?
The wind speed will be 8 miles per hour and the humidity will be around 20 percent.
Can you find a pop song I like Sabrina Carpenter music.
Do you like Almost Love by Sabrina Carpenter from the album Singular Act I?
What other song do you have from the album Singular Act I?
There are 2 songs. There is Paris by Sabrina Carpenter form Singular Act I.
Yes, that is a good song.
Do you want to play the song?
Yes, play the song.
The song Paris will play on TV.
Yes, that is correct.
Started playing the song.
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything I can help with?
No, that is all.
Have a good day.
Can you look up the weather in Fairfield on the March 6th?
Sure: The temperature will be 80 degrees Fahrenheit with a 20 percent chance of rain.
Okay, how about the humidity?
The humidity will be at 46 percent.
And what about the wind?
That will be going 8 miles per hour.
Cool, yeah. Can you also play some music for me?
Sure - how about the album Last Year Was Complicated by Nick Jonas? The track Under You is popular.
Yeah, let's play that.
Alright, you'd like to play the song Under You on the TV?
Can you play it on the kitchen speaker?
Of course. You'd like to play Under You on the kitchen speaker?
Yes - what genre is it?
This is pop music. The song will begin now.
Thanks.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all for today.
Have a great day.
I need to know the weather in Sacramento, CA on 12th of this month.
The average temperature in Sacramento that day should be 92 degrees F and there is a 14 % chance of rain.
Ok, how about the weather in Vallejo?
The average temperature in Vallejo that day should be 87 degrees F and there is a 25 % chance of rain.
How windy is it expected to be that day and what is the humidity going to be?
The humidity should be around 32 % and the average wind speed should be 3 mph.
Sure, that sounds right. Could you help me find some songs?
I found 10 songs for you. One song is Supercut by Lorde from the album Melodrama.
What other songs did you have? I like Battle Beast.
I found 1 song for you. It is called Eden by Battle Beast from the album No More Hollywood Endings?
That sounds great. I'd like to play the song.
Please confirm you'd like to play Eden on TV.
Yes, that sounds right. What is the genre of the song?
The song has started playing. The song is a Metal song.
Thanks, that's all I need.
Have a great day.
Tell me what the weather will be in Castro Valley on March 12th.
The forecast is 93 degrees with a 9 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy will it be?
The humidity is foretasted to be 25 percent with wind at 1 mile per hour.
I see. Find me some Rock music on the Evolution album.
Do you like Are You Ready by Disturbed on the Evolution album?
That works for me. Play the song.
You want to cast Are You Ready to the TV. Is that right?
No, cast it on the bedroom speaker.
You want to cast Are You Ready to the bedroom speaker. Is that right?
No, cast it on the speaker in kitchen.
You want to cast Are You Ready to the kitchen speaker. Is that correct?
Yes, that is right.
Your song has started.
Thanks a lot. That is all for now.
Have a great day.
What's the weather like in LA?
About 76 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 28 percent chance of rain.
Good to know. I want to listen to a good pop song. How about something from the Miguel album Kaleidoscope Dream?
The Miguel album Kaleidoscope Dream? You might like his song Adorn.
Give me a different song.
I couldn't find another relevant song. What else can I help you wiht?
Can you instead find me a metal song from the Ghost album Prequelle?
What are your thoughts on Dance Macabre from the Ghost album Prequelle?
What other options are there?
Ghost also has the song Rats from the album Prequelle. Thoughts on that?
I like that one! Can you play it through the speaker in kitchen?
I should play Rats through your kitchen speaker?
Yes, that is what I want.
I have started the song.
Thanks!
Can I help you with something else?
Not now. Thanks.
Have a great day.
I want to check the weather on March 7th.
In which city you like to check the weather?
Like to check in Point Reyes Station.
76 degrees Fahrenheit is the average temperature for the day and 16 percent chances of rain there.
What is the expectation of humidity and windy?
1 miles per hours is the average wind speed and 21 percent of humidity.
Okay. perfect. Can you search me some songs?
What is your opinion about Oblivion in album Visions by Grimes?
That is perfect.
Are you interested to play the music now?
Fine. Run it on kitchen speaker.
Please give confirmation details: Run Oblivion in kitchen speaker.
Fine. This is perfect.
Song started playing now.
Thank you so much for your help.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you check the weather for march 13th?
Yes. In which city?
Graton please, check the forecast.
There is an 8 percent chance of rain with average temperature of 86 degrees
Ok. Could you find me some Country songs? Maybe by Jason Aldean from the album Rearview Town.
I found 4 songs. Would you like to hear Girl Like You by Jason Aldean in album Rearview Town?
Sure, that sounds good.
To confirm: You wish to play Girl Like You on TV. Correct?
No, play it on kitchen device instead.
To confirm: You wish to play Girl Like You on kitchen speaker. Correct?
Sorry, no. Play it on my bedroom speaker.
To confirm: You wish to play Girl Like You on your bedroom speaker.. Correct?
Yes sounds good
Your song has started
Thanks so much
Is there anything else?
No that will be all
Have a nice day.
What is the weather on Friday next week.
In what city?
San Mateo.
It should be around 88 degrees with a 6 percent chance of rain.
I want to listen to some country songs from the album Experiment.
I found 3 songs. Homesick by Kane Brown on Experiment is an option.
Yes, play that on my television.
Please confirm, playing Homesick on TV.
No, play it on the speaker in kitchen.
Confirm, playing Homesick on kitchen speaker.
Yes, that is correct.
Plays song.
Thanks, that is all.
Have a nice day.
Can you check the weather in Foster City on March 14th?
The average daytime temperature is expected to be 91 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 19 percent chance of rain.
How windy and humid is it going to get?
The average wind speed is expected to be 1 mile per hour and the humidity might be close to 36 percent.
Thank you. Can you find me some Country songs by Kacey Musgraves from the album Golden Hour?
Shall I play Butterflies by Kacey Musgraves from the album Golden Hour?
Hold on. Do you have something else? Anything by Aaron Lewis from the album Sinner?
There is 1 song called Lost And Lonely by Aaron Lewis from the album Sinner.
That's the one. Please play it on the TV.
Playing Lost and Lonely on TV. Shall I proceed?
Yes, please go ahead.
Song playing now. Enjoy the music!
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No. That's all I need for now.
Have a great day!
Can you check the weather for me in Pescadero for the the 7th?
There's a 4 percent chance of rain with an average of 86 degrees Fahrenheit.
Is it going to be windy?
There might be an average wind speed of 6 mph.
OK, please check also for March 12th.
There's a 19 percent chance of rain with an average of 79 degrees Fahrenheit.
Is it going to be windy?
There might be an average wind speed of 8 mph.
Thanks. Can you please find me some songs?
There are 10 songs which I belive you'll like. How about Jason Aldean playing When She Says Baby from the album Night Train?
Awesome. Play it please.
Can you please confirm that you want me to play When She Says Baby on TV.
Yes, please do.
I've started the song.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thanks again.
Have a great day!
Please check the weather.
In which city would you like to know the weather?
Please check Albany.
The temperature on that day averages 92 degree Fahrenheit with a 19 percent chance of rain.
Great. Now, will you search for some songs?
Are you interested in hearing No more sad songs on the album Glory Days by Little Mix?
Yes, that would be great!
Would you like to hear the song now?
Yes, thank you.
Please confirm you wish to hear No more Sad Songs on the TV.
Yes, that is right. What is the genre of this song?
This is a pop song that has begun playing.
Thank you for your assistance! That is all I need at the moment.
Enjoy the day!
What is the weather going to be in Oakley on 12th of this month?
The average chance of rain is 22 percent and the average high is 75 degrees.
I see. Can you find me some music to play?
Search revealed 10 songs. Do you like Why So Serious by Alice Merton in the Mint album?
I sure do.
Shall I play your music for you?
Yes, cast it on my bedroom.
You want me to cast Why So Serious on the bedroom speaker. Is that right?
That is right.
Your song has started.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need something more?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
I'm going to be seeing a friend in Inverness. Can you see what the weather's like there?
It'll be about 90 degrees Fahreinheit, with a 4 percent chance of rain.
Okay. Good to know.
What else would you like?
I want to listen to something. Do you have a good country song?
How about All On Me, from the Devin Dawson album Dark Horse?
No thanks. What else is there?
Perhaps All The Girls Wanna Ride from the Jawga Boyz album Kuntry?
Nope. Something else, please.
Okay. Maybe you could listen to Alone With You from the Jake Owen album Barefoot Blue Jean Night?
I love that one. Go ahead and play it on the speaker in kitchen.
So, play Alone With You on the kitchen speaker?
That is correct.
I started playing the song.
Thanks a lot.
Can I help you out any further?
Not now. Thanks.
Have a great day.
How will the weather be in Geyserville on the March 3rd?
The forecast calls for an average temperature of 73 degrees Fahrenheit with a 13 percent chance of rain.
How about wind and humidity?
Wind speed is forecast at 7 miles per hour, with humidity around 22 percent.
Okay, thanks. Can you find some music for me? I would like some pop music, especially something like Big Time Rush songs. I like the album Elevate.
I have 1 song for you to listen to. Would you like Windows Down by Big Time Rush from the album Elevate?
That's good. Please play it on my bedroom speaker.
Please confirm that you want to play Windows Down on the bedroom speaker.
Yep, that's it.
Your music is playing.
Thanks, that was all.
Enjoy your music!
I want to know what the weather will be like on Tuesday next week.
What city do you want to know the weather in?
I want to know the weather in Rutherford.
It will be 75 degrees Fahrenheit on average for that day and there will be a 23 percent chance it will rain.
Alright. Now can you look for songs? I really like Pop songs. Songs from the album Ruin Your Party would be good.
How about Take Me Away by Scotty Sire from the album Ruin Your Party?
Is there anything else?
I'm sorry, but there's nothing else that matches. Do you need me to do anything else?
Let's look for more songs. How about Rock songs. I like Starset and the album Transmissions.
There's Carnivore by Starset from the album Transmissions.
Let's keep looking.
There's It Has Begun by Starset from the album Transmissions.
Oh yeah, I like that.
Would you like me to play the song now?
Absolutely.
I'll start playing It Has Begun on the TV?
Yeah, let's play it.
The song has begun.
Thanks a lot.
What else can I do for you?
Nothing. Thanks a lot.
Have a pleasant day.
What kind of weather do you show for the Monday next week, please?
What city is this weather check for?
Suisun City, please.
There is a forecast of 75 degrees Fahrenheit on average during the day with a chance of rain at 3 percent.
Okay. Now, what can you suggest from you songs list?
Well, looking at 10 songs, I show the single Boyfriend from the Piano Songs album by Froggy Fresh. How does that sound?
Hmm, and how would you describe this song?
The song is in the Pop category.
Okay, is there any other song you can suggest right now?
Would the single Superficial Love on the album Safe Haven by Ruth B interest you?
Not sure. Let's keep looking. Do you have some info on The First Time album? I remember I liked a lot of the songs on that album.
Checking The First Time album, the single Peter Pan by Kelsea Ballerini is available.
Yeah? And how is that song labeled?
That song is in the Country category.
I like that.
Shall I play that song for you now?
Yeah, go ahead, on my television, please.
Are you confirming that Peter Pan will play on your TV?
Uh, let's change that to my kitchen, please.
All right. Are you confirming that you want the song Peter Pan to play on your kitchen speaker?
Right on, my friend.
The song will begin playing now.
Hey, thanks a lot.
Would you like some other assistance?
Nope, that's all folks. Your help is much appreciated.
Delighted. Enjoy your music.
Tell me what the weather will be in Martinez on March 4th.
That daytime temperature will be 87 degrees with a 7 percent chance of precipitation.
What is the humidity level?
Humidity will average 21 percent.
Tell me what the weather will be in Pinole.
The daytime temperature will average 77 degrees and it has a 24 percent chance of rain.
Tell me what the weather will be on March 8th.
The daytime temperature will average 91 degrees and there is only a 1 percent chance of rain.
I see. Find me some songs on the This is Acting album.
Search found 4 results for you. Do you like Alive by Sia on the This Is Acting album?
What type of music is it?
It is under the Pop genre.
That works for me.
Shall I cast the song for you?
Yes, play the song for me.
You want to play the song Alive on the TV. Is that right?
That is right.
Your song has started.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need something more?
No, not right now. Thanks.
Have a great day.
What's the weather like at the river in Forestville on 12th of this month?
The Temperature will be 75 and there isn't likely to be rain. It's chance is 14 %.
Will it be windy there?
Not really. Maybe about 10 mph.
Will it be humid?
Not at all, about 36 percent.
Fine, play music now. Try pop, I want Zayn Malik' from his album Icarus Falls. I love those brunette curls of his, he's dreamy.
There are 6 options.What about Dusk till Dawn by Zayn malik.? It's from Icarus falls like you asked.
Fine, fire up the speaker in the bedroom so I can dream of Zayn.
I'm doing it now, Playing Dusk Till Dawn on Bedroom speaker now.
Never mind, I need a snack play on speaker in kitchen.
Here goes: Playing Dusk till Dawn on kitchen speaker.
Fire him up.
Zahn is singing now.
Fine, that's all I really need.
Enjoy the song.
I need to check the weather.
Sure thing, what city do you want to check the weather in?
Check out the weather in Forestville for me.
Alright. The average temperature for the day should be around 70 degrees Fahrenheit with a 20 percent chance of rain.
Okay, thanks. How's the weather going to be March 14th?
On March 14th the average temperature for the day should be around 80 degrees with a 10 percent chance of rain.
Okay, thanks. I'd like to play some music. Can you find songs from Vybz Kartel off the album The Gaza Don?
Would you like to play Summer Time by Vybz Kartel off the album The Gaza Don?
Yes, that sounds great!
Anything else I can help you with?
I'd like to play the song on the television please.
Okay. Please confirm the following: Play song Summer Time on the TV. Correct?
Yes, that's right. Thanks.
Your song is now starting.
Cool, thanks. That's all I need.
My pleasure. Have a great day.
Help me look up the weather.
What's city's weather are you interested in? And for what date?
Check Half Moon Bay on the 11th.
It will be 88 degrees Fahrenheit for the day's average and there's a 6 percent chance for rain.
Alright, let's check Union City.
It will be 87 degrees Fahrenheit for the day's average and there's a 11 percent chance for rain.
Okay, cool. Let's look for songs now.
There are 10 songs you might enjoy. How about Born For Greatness by Papa Roach from the album Crooked Teeth?
What kind of song is that?
It's a Metal song.
Okay, sounds right up my alley.
Would you like me to play the song?
Yeah, play it in my bedroom.
I'll play Born For Greatness on the bedroom speaker, is that correct?
No, I think I want to on my tv.
I'll play Born For Greatness on the TV, is that correct?
Yeah, please play it.
The song has begun.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need me for anything else?
Nope, thanks again.
Have a fine day.
What's the weather in Ciudad de Mexico?
Average of 102 degrees and 0 percent chance of rain.
Ok. Find some songs for me.
How about Take Back Home Girl by Chris Lane from Laps Around the Sun?
Genre?
Country.
What else? Try My Everything by Ariana Grande.
I found 4 songs. Be My Baby is by Ariana Grande off of My Everything.
What else?
Best Mistake by Ariana Grande on My Everything?
Genre?
Pop.
Great.
Play now?
Yeah, on my tv.
Please confirm: play Best Mistake on tv.
Yes.
Playing now.
Thanks, that's all.
Have a nice day.
Can you please check the weather for me?
In which city?
New York City, please.
There's a 37 percent chance of rain with an average temperature of 66 degrees Fahrenheit.
OK. Now please find me two rooms in a three star hotel with wifi.
There's the nice 3 star 1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge Hotel.
Anything else available. Look for 1 star hotels.
There's the nice 1 star 1 Hotel Central Park.
Anything else which I might like?
There's the nice 1 star 11 Howard.
Do you know their address?
They're located at 11 Howard Street.
Perfect. Let's book a room for 4 days, checking in later today.
Can you please confirm that you want me to book 2 rooms for 4 days at 11 Howard in New York from March 1st?
Yes, that's correct. Can you please tell me their phone number?
I've successfully placed your reservation. You can reach them at +1 212-235-1111.
Please tell me the room price per night.
Rooms are $288 per night.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thanks again.
Have a nice day.
I would like to check the Bodega Bay weather for March 6th.
The temperature on average is 82 degrees F with a 19 percent chance of rain.
What about Long Beach?
The average temperature is 85 F with a 20 percent chance of rain.
What will the humidity and wind be like?
The humidity is about 27 % and wind 4 miles per hour.
Sure I'd like to find a hotel with wifi there.
There is a 2 star Best Western of Long Beach which is nice.
What other hotels with three rooms are there?
The Courtyard by Marriott Long Beach Airport is a 3 star hotel.
Tell me the phone number.
The phone is +1 562-429-5803.
What's the address?
The address is at 3841 North Lakewood Boulevard for $189 a night.
I like that idea and want to reserve one day on March 6th for the hotel.
The name of the hotel is Courtyard By Marriott Long Beach Airport on March 6th and I'd like a reservation for 1 day in Long Beach for 3 rooms.
Yes, that is fine.
The reservation is a success.
Thanks very much and that is all I need.
Have a great day.
What is the weather in Long Beach?
The average temperature is 80 degrees Fahrenheit with a 17 percent chance of rain.
Ok. Can you book 1 room with wifi at a hotel there.
There are 10 options. The Best Western of Long Beach is a 2 star hotel.
Where are they located?
They are located at 1725 Long Beach Boulevard.
What other hotels are there?
The Courtyard by Marriott Long Beach Airport is a 3 star hotel.
What's their direct line?
Their direct line is +1 562-429-5803.
That sounds great.
Should I reserve the room?
Yes. Please book.
Will you be checking in on March 1st and for how many days?
Yes. For 3 days.
Please confirm you want me to book 1 room at the Courtyard by Marriott Long Beach Airport on March 1st in Long Beach for 3 days.
Yes. That's it.
Your reservation was a success.
Thanks so much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thanks. That's it.
Please enjoy your day.
Can you check the weather for me? I need to know what it will be like in Long beach, CA on the 3rd of March.
There is a 23 % chance of rain with the average temperature at 89 degrees.
Thanks. Can you help me find a hotel in Long Beach?
There are 10 hotels in Long Beach. How about Best Western of Long Beach? It is a 2 star rate hotel.
Sounds fine. Can you reserve me a room for one day on the 2nd?
To confirm: You wish to book a room on March 2nd, for 1 person,just 1 day at Best Western of Long Beach located in Long Beach, CA. Is this correct?.
Yes it is.
Your reservation is confirmed.
Can you get me their address please?
Best Western of Long Beach is located at 1725 Long Beach Boulevard.
Thanks. That is all I need today.
Have a nice day.
What's the weather going to be like in Oakland on the 6th of March?
The forecast for that day is an average temperature of 90 degrees Fahrenheit with a 28 percent chance of rain.
What's the humidity like?
Humidity is expected to be about 43 percent.
How about the weather in SFO on the 4th of March?
The forecast for that day is an average temperature of 71 degrees Fahrenheit with a 16 percent chance of rain.
Okay, thanks. I'd like to book a hotel there. I just need 1 room, and a 1 star hotel is fine, although I want it to have wifi.
I found 10 hotels that match your request. How about the Amsterdam Hostel San Francisco? It's a 1 star hotel.
Where is it located? What's the cost per night?
It is located at 749 Taylor Street. The cost per night is $24.
That sounds great, I'd like to make a reservation there. I'd like to get a room for two days.
Would you like to check in on March 4th?
Sure, that's fine.
Okay, so you'd like to reserve 1 room at the Amsterdam Hostel San Francisco in San Francisco for 2 nights, checking in on March 4th. Is that correct?
No, I'd like to book the room for three days.
Okay, so you would like to book a room for 3 days, checking in on March 4th, is that correct?
I want to check in today instead.
So you want to check in to the hotel in San Francisco today, March 1st, correct?
Yes that's fine. What is their contact info?
Your reservation was booked. You can reach them at +1 415-673-3277.
Okay, thank you.
Is there anything else you need?
No, that is all for now, thanks.
Okay, enjoy your day.
Can you tell me how the weather will be in Seattle on March 6th?
It will be around 64 degrees with a 27 percent chance of rain.
Great. Can you get me 1 hotel room there with wifi?
Sure, how about the 2 star Ace Hotel Seattle?
Sure, where is it?
It'S at 2423 1st Avenue.
How can I call them?
Their phone number is +1 206-448-4721.
Actually, is there anything else?
There's the 2 star Belltown Inn.
Is there another one?
How about the 3 star Best Western Plus Pioneer Square Hotel Downtown?
That's perfect, please reserve it.
Sure, for how many days?
For 1 day please.
Checking in on March 6th?
No, on the 1st of this month.
Okay, please confirm that you'd like 1 room at Best Western Plus Pioneer Square Hotel Downtown in Seattle from March 1st for 1 day.
Yes, that's perfect.
Great, your reservation is complete.
Thanks, how much will it cost?
It's $111 per night.
Okay, thank you.
Is there anything else?
No, that's all.
Okay, see you.
Can you check the weather in Rio Vista on 6th of March.
The average temperature will be 79 degrees Fahrenheit with a 21 percent chance of rain.
What about on March 7th in New York City?
The average temperature will be 65 degrees Fahrenheit with a 15 percent chance of rain.
What about the wind and humidity?
The humidity will be approximately 18 percent with a wind speed of 7 miles per hour.
Okay. Can you help me book a hotel there?
I have 10 options. 1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge is a 4 star hotal.
What is the nightly rate and where are they located?
They are located at 60 Furman Street, Brooklyn for $240 per night.
Sounds perfect. Can you reserve a room checking in on Saturday this week.
For how many days?
I will be there four days.
Please confirm you want me to book 1 room at 1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge in New York on March 2nd for 4 days.
Yes. That's correct.
Your reservation was a success.
Thanks. That's all for now.
Please enjoy your day.
I will be going to London, UK soon. Can you check the weather on March 4th?
The temperature will be around 87 degrees Fahrenheit with a 4 percent chance of rain.
How about the wind and the humidity?
The humidity will be around 16 percent and the wind will be at 1 mile per hour.
That sounds great. Could you find a hotel room?
There are 10 possible hotels you might like. 45 Park Lane is a hotel with 5 star rating.
What other hotels are there?
There is Abc Hyde Park Hotel with a 3 star rating.
What other hotels are there? Looking for just one room.
There is Abercorn House with a 1 star rating.
Does that hotel have wifi included? How much is it per night?
The hotel does not have wifi and it is $84 per night.
That sounds good enough, I want to make a reservation.
Do you want to check in on March 4th? How long will be your stay?
I want to check in tomorrow and make the reservation for just one day.
Please confirm: Booking 1 hotel room in Abercorn House in London on March 2nd for 1 day.
That is correct, what is their phone number?
The hotel room has been booked. Their phone number is +44 20 8563 8692.
Thanks a lot, that would be all for now.
Have a great day.
Can you check the weather on March 1st?
Which city?
Atlanta GA on March 11th.
It should be 87 degrees Fahrenheit with 0 percent chance of rain.
Okay, please find me a hotel there.
I got 10 hotels and one is a 4 star hotel which is Ac Hotel By Marriott Atlanta Buckhead At Phipps Plaza.
That's good.
Will I reserve you room there?
Yes please.
For how many days?
For 3 days.
Will you check in on March 11th?
On the 5th.
Okay, you want to reserve 1 room at Ac Hotel By Marriott Atlanta Buckhead At Phipps Plaza in Atlanta on March 5th for 3 days. Please confirm.
Yes. May I know the phone number and how much will it cost me per night?
Ohone number is +1 470-231-3030 for only $176 per night. Your reservation has been done!
Thank you.
Do you still need any other help?
No, thanks.
Enjoy your day.
Hpw is the weather in Anaheim, CA?
A 29 percent chance of showers with a temperature average of 78.
Find me a hotel there.
A good 2 star hotel is Anaheim Desert Inn And Suites.
What are other choices?
A 3 star hotel is the Anaheim Majestic Garden Hotel.
I like that one.
Should I make a reservation?
Book one room the 1st.
How long would you like to stay?
Three days will work.
I will reserve 1 room at the Anaheim Majestic Garden Hotel in Anaheim for 3 days beginning March 1st with your permission.
Permission granted.
The room is reserved.
Awesome.
Do you need further assistance?
No. I'm set for now.
Enjoy the day.
I would like to check the weather in Nairobi March 4th.
The temperature on average is 88 degrees F there with a 1 percent chance of rain.
What will be the humidity and wind like?
The humidity will be about 15 % and the average wind speed 1 mile per hour.
What about in Philadelphia on the March 10th.
The average temperature would be about 91 degrees F with a 4 % chance of rain.
That works. I'd like to find a hotel room there.
They have a 3 star hotel at the aka University City.
Yes, that is great.
Do you wish to reserve a room there?
Yes, I'd like to make a booking March 6th.
For how many days would you like to book?
I would like four days for 2 rooms.
Please confirm hotel Aka university City on March 6th for 4 days in Philadelphia and 2 rooms.
Yes, that will be great.
The reservation is a success.
What is the hotel phone number and does it have wifi?
The phone number is +1 215-372-9000.
Thanks so much and that is all I need.
Have a great day.
I need to check the weather in Toronto, Ontario
The average temperature for the day is 58 degrees fahrenheit. There is a 13 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy is it?
The humidity is around 25 percent and wind will be 9 miles per hour
Sure okay. I want a room in a hotel there with 3 star
Best western plus toronto north york hotel & suites which a good hotel in 3 star
Whats its address
their address is 50 Norfinch Drive
WHats the cost per night and is wifi there?
The room costs $216 per night and they dont have wifi
Are there any other hotels i want 2 rooms
I found 9 hotels matching you. Best western premier toronto airport carlingview hotel is a nice 3 star hotel
Yes great. Make reservation there with check in date is later today
for how many days?
I want the room for 1 days
Please confirm this : The name of the hotel is Best western premier toronto airport carlingview hotel for 1 days for 2 rooms in toronto. the checkin date is March 1st
Yes great
Your booking is successful
Thanks a lot
Is there anything you want?
No Thanks a lot
Have a great day
Can you check the weather forecats for the March 10th
In which city?
Seattle, Wa please.
There is a 39 percent of rain with an average temperature of 69 degrees.
ok thanks.
Is there anything else i can do?
Yes. Can you locate a hotel there for me?
There is a nice 2 start hotel called Ace Hotel Seattle.
Do you have their telephone number ? what does the room cost per night?
The number for Ace Hotel Seattle is +1 206-448-4721. Rooms are $44 per night.
Perfect. Can you make a reservation for me to check in on the 9th?
Of course. How many days will you be staying?
I need just one room for 4 days.
To confirm: You wish to reserve 1 room for 4 days on March 9th at Ace Hotel Seattle located in Seattle. Is this correct?
Yes it is.
Your reservation is confirmed.
Thansk for your help.
Is there anything else i can do?
No. That's all I need.
Have a nice day.
What is the weather in Delhi, India on the March 11th?
The average temperature is 103 degrees with a 7 percent chance of rain.
How windy? How humid?
The wind should be around 10 mph, the humidity about 19 percent.
Ok, I need a hotel room there.
Aloft New Delhi Aerocity is a 4 star hotel.
Yes, that is perfect.
Are you ready to reserve a room?
Yes, 1 room for two days, checking in on the 3rd of March.
Please confirm, reservation for 1 room for 2 days at Aloft New Delhi Aerocity on March 3rd in Delhi.
Yes, that is perfect.
Your reservation is complete.
What is the address?
The address is 5b Igi T3 Road, Delhi - Ajmer Expressway, Aerocity, New Delhi.
Thanks!
Anything else?
No, that is all.
Have a nice day.
Please check the weather in Sydney, Australia.
The average temperature is 94 degrees Fahrenheit with a 4 percent chance of rain.
What will the humidity be like?
The humidity will be 15 percent.
I will need two rooms at a nearby hotel.
28 Hotel Sydney is one of 10 hotels. It has a 4 star rating.
Sounds great. Please reserve.
For how many days and will you be checking in on March 1st?
Yes. That's good. There reservation is for one day.
Please confirm you want me to book 2 rooms at 28 Hotel Sydney in Sydney on March 1st for 1 day.
Yes. That is correct.
Your reservation was a success.
What's their direct line?
Their direct line is +61 2 9102 2828.
Thanks. That will be all.
Okay. Have a great day.
How is the weather in Washington?
The average temperature right now is around 75 degrees with a 13 percent chance of rain.
Okay, I want a hotel room there.
I found 10 hotels matching your request. One 3 star hotel is the Arc The.Hotel.
How much is it? Is there wifi?
It costs $210 and has wifi.
What else is there?
Cambria Hotel Washington D.C. Convention Center is another 3 star hotel.
Okay, that's better.
May I help you with something else?
Make a reservation for two rooms.
For how long?
Just one day.
Are you okay checking in on March 1st?
Yes I am.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a 2 rooms at Cambria Hotel Washington, D.C. Convention Center for 1 day on March 1st in Washington D.C..
Yes, that's all correct.
Your reservation has been confirmed!
Thank you for the help.
Can I assist you further?
No, thanks again!
Have a great day!
Please help me check the weather on March 4th.
Which city?
Nairobi please.
It's going to be 88 degrees Fahrenheit with 1 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy it's going to be?
Humidity is around 15 percent and wind speed should be 1 miles per hour.
Okay. Please find a room in a hotel for me there.
I got 10 hotels and one is Azure Hotel Nairobi Westlands which is a 5 star hotel.
What's the address of that hotel and rate per night?
It's at Lantana Road and it costs $135 per night.
That's good.
Will I reserve you a room there?
Yes, please.
Do you prefer checking in on March 4th and for how many days?
I want to check in this Saturday and for one day only.
Okay, you want 1 room for 1 day in Azure Hotel Nairobi Westlands in Nairobi on March 2nd. Please confirm.
I want to check in on 3rd of March.
Okay, you want 1 room on March 3rd. Please confirm.
Yes, that's good.
Reservation has been made!
Thanks a lot for your help.
Very much welcome!
Please can you check the weather forecast on 5th of this month?
Can I have the zip code for the city you are searching for?
Sorry, I don't know the zip code but please can you search for the city Paris, France. Is it windy?
The day is cloudy with a chance of 19 % rain and the average temperature would be 70 degrees Fahrenheit.
Is it humidity? If so, to what percent?
Yup, it's slightly humidity to around 55 percent.
Thanks for the information. Please can you help me to find a room in a good hotel in Paris.
Sure. I've a list of 10 hotels that suits you. One among them is Ac Hotel By Marriott Paris Porte Maillot which is a nice 4 star hotel. Do you wish to book here?
Please let me know if there are any other 4 star hotels?
Yup, There is a good 4 star hotel, Amastan Paris located at 34 Rue Jean Mermoz, 75008 Paris, France.
What's the cost per night to stay?
They charge $96 per night.
Sounds good to me.
Can I reserve a room for you at this hotel?
Please book 2 rooms at this hotel.
How long would be your stay? Do you wish to check in on March 5th?
I need 3 rooms for 2 days and the check in date will be on 4th of this month.
Please confirm me that you wish to stay at the hotel Amastan Paris, located in Paris for 2 days and you need 3 rooms and your check in date will be on March 4th. Is that right?
Yup, sounds good. Is there wifi connection at the hotel?
Sorry that they don't have wifi facilities. Your reservation is made successfully.
Please can I have their address and contact number?
Sure. The hotel is located at 34 Rue Jean Mermoz, 75008 and you can reach them at +33 1 49 52 99 70.
Thanks a lot.
Anything else you need?
Nope, thanks much.
Have a wonderful day.
I need your help to check the weather condition in El Cerrito on March 8th. Can you do it for me now?
Yes, please note that the average temperature level will be 90 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 5 % for rain fall there on that day.
That is useful information and thanks. Also please check the weather in Sacramento on the 5th.
Please note that the average temperature level will be 93 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 2 % for rain fall there on that day.
What about the Wind speed on the same day in the same place?
It will be around 12 miles per hour. Any more information you need on the weather condition.
Yes, let me know the Humidity level.
Humidity will be around 17 % on that day.
That's all I want on weather condition and thanks.
How can I help you further?
I need your help to search for a room in nice hotel.
What about a 1 star hotel named Best Western Plus Sutter house? Hope you will like it.
Yes, I like it.
Do you want me to book the rooms there?
yes, do it for me.
Please confirm to reserve the room from March 5th and up to what date you need the reservation for?
No, please book the rooms for 4 days from 2nd of March and I need only 1 room.
Need your final confirmation to book 1 room for 4 days in Hotel Best Western Plus Sutter House in Sacramento from March 2nd.
That is correct. Please go ahead.
Your rooms are booked successfully.
Can you check whether they have wi-fi connection there?
Yes they have Wi-fi.
Get me the contact number and address of that hotel for my reference.
The address is 1100 H Street and the contact number is +1 916-441-1314.
Thanks for that information and that was useful to me.
Do you need any more help from me?
No, thank you.
Have a great day.
Check for me the weather in Toronto, Ontario.
For the day the average temperature should be 58 degrees Fahrenheit and 13 percent chance of rain.
I.understand.I will need one room at a hotel there.
I have found 10 results.A nice 3 star hotel is Best Western Plus Toronto North York Hotel & Suites.
Wifi is available? Tell me the phone number.
Wifi is not available.+1 416-663-9500 is the phone number.
Sounds good for me.
Should I make a reservation?
Yes make for one day with check in date March 1st.
At hotel called Best Western Plus Toronto North York Hotel & Suites in Toronto you want reservation for 1 day and 1 room and the check in date is March 1st.Is that okay?
Yes is very good.
Reservation was made.
How much does this room cost per night?
Per night cost is $180.
Thank you.That's all that I needed.
Have a great day!
I am interested in the weather in Nairobi for 9th of March.
The temperature should be 103 degrees Fahrenheit on average. There should be a 0 percent chance of rain.
How windy and humid will it be?
The humidity is about 15 percent. The average wind speed should be 7 miles an hour.
Okay. I need a hotel room there.
I have 10 hotels that fit. Azure Hotel Nairobi Westlands is a nice 5 star.
Could you tell me its phone number and cost per night?
The phone number is +254 709 716000 and it costs $135 per night.
Are any other hotels available? I would like two rooms at a a three star hotel.
Crowne Plaza Nairobi is a good 3 star hotel.
Are any other hotels available?
Crowne Plaza Nairobi airport is a good 3 star hotel.
That sounds good.
Could I help you with something else?
I would like to make a hotel reservation for four days, checking in on the 7th.
So you would like to check in at the Crowne Plaza Nairobi airport in Nairobi on March 7th for 4 days and you need 2 rooms?
That should work.
Your reservation was made.
Thanks so much.
Do you need further assistance?
No, that should be all.
Have a good one.
I would like to check the weather in Philadelphia on March 11th.
On that day, the average temperature should be 72 degrees Fahrenheit and have a 10 percent chance for rain.
How windy will it be?
The average wind speed should be 11 miles per hour.
Alright, how about on March 8th.
On that day, the average temperature should be 78 degrees Fahrenheit and there will be a 5 percent chance for rain.
Okay. I would like to find a hotel room there.
There is a nice 3 star hotel called Aka University City.
How much will it cost per night?
The room will cost $261 per night.
Does the hotel have wifi and what is its address?
The hotel has wifi and the address is Cira Centre South, 2929 Walnut Street.
Yes, that sounds alright.
Would you like to reserve a room at this hotel?
Yes, I would like to make a booking for 4 days.
Would you like to check in on March 8th?
The check in date will be the 4th.
Please confirm these details: You want to reserve 1 room for 4 days at the hotel Aka University City located in Philadelphia. The check in date will be on March 4th.
Yes, that is fine with me.
Your reservation is set.
Thank you very much. That is all.
Have a great day.
tell weather in castro valley
average temperature is 91 degrees and 18 percent chance of rain
ho about portland on today
75 degrees there and 9 percent rain chance
how humid though?
16 percent there
how windy too?
13 miles per hour
I want a hotel
aloft portland airport at cascade station is 3 stars
I want 3 stars and one room
the canopy by hilton portland pearl district is 3 stars
yes, make a reservation
want the check in march 1st?
I want the room for one day
canopy by hilton portland pearl district march 1st 1 day in portland for 1
yes that is good
it went through
thanks a lot
anything else for you?
no thank you
bye then and have fun
I need to find out about the weather in Stinson Beach on the March 11th.
The average temperature should be 78 degrees Fahrenheit, and should be a 15 percent chance of rain.
Okay, how about Seattle, WA, on 13th of this month.
The average temperature for your selected date is expected to be 63 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 12 percent chance of rain.
Okay, I need to find a room there.
There are 10 hotels which match your selection. Ace Hotel Seattle is nice and is a 2 star hotel.
Yes, that sounds good.
Would you like to reserve a room there?
Yes, please make a booking for 1 room.
Would you like to check in on March 13th? And how many days is the reservation for?
I need it for four days and the check in date is the 7th of March.
Please confirm the following information: The name of the hotel is Ace Hotel Seattle, with the check in date as March 7th, for 4 days. The hotel is in Seattle and the number of rooms is 1.
Yeah, that sounds good.
Your reservation is now successful.
Thank you for that, that's all.
Of course. Have a wonderful day.
I will be visiting my sister at Sydney, Australia on March 13th, can you please check the weather for me?
Sure. Upon checking, it says that there's a 5 percent chance of rain and the average temperature is 101 degrees Farenheit on that day. You should still bring an umbrella with you.
Do you think it is humid?
It says here that the humidity is around 20 %. Not that hot I think.
I prefer to go on flying kites, is it going to be windy?
I don't think its a good idea to fly a kite since the average speed wind on that day is just 7 miles per hour.
Yes, I think you're right. Can you also help me to look for a hotel there?
There are 10 hotels that has good rating there. One of it is a 4 star hotel, a nice hotel named 28 Hotel Sydney.
Are there any other four stars hotel? I want a different one. And I am just looking for one room.
There's still 9 hotels that matches your requirement, how about 57 Hotel that is also a 4 star hotel?
I've been there last year. How about hotels with just one star?
Adina Apartment Hotel Bondi Beach Sydney is a 1 star hotel that is cheap and clean.
I heard that they also serve good breakfast. That's a plus to me.
Do you need help in making a reservation at this hotel?
Yes, please. And I would like to check in next Friday. I will go there directly after my meeting.
Okay, for how many days is the booking?
I will be staying over the weekend so that just for two days.
Alright, please have it check before I proceed. Reservation of 1 room at Adina Apartment Hotel Bondi Beach Sydney for 2 days on MArch 8th. The hotel is in Sydney.
Yes, everything is good. You may proceed.
Okay, it's a success!
Yey!Thank you so much! You're such a big help.
Do you need help with anything else?
No,that would be all. Thanks again!
Alright, have fun next weekend.
I need to check the weather in Anaheim, CA.
The average temperature for that day should be 78 degrees Fahrenheit, and there should be a 29 percent chance of rain.
Okay, that sounds good. I need to find a room.
I found 10 hotels which match your requirements. Anaheim Desert Inn And Suites matches your selection and is a 2 star hotel.
Yeah, that works.
Would you like to reserve a room there?
Yeah, I need a booking.
How many days would you like the reservation for? Would you like to check in on March 1st?
Yeah, that works, and I want the room for two days.
Please confirm the following information: The name of the hotel is Anaheim Desert Inn and Suites. The date of check in is March 1st, and will be for 2 days. The hotel is in the city of Anaheim and you would like 1 room. Is this correct?
Yeah, sounds great.
Your reservation has now been made successfully. Their address is 1600 South Harbor Boulevard.
Does this hotel have wifi?
Yes, it does have wifi.
Thank you for that, that's all I need.
Have a wonderful day.
can you check the weather in sd on March 6th?
the weather that day should be 80 degrees with a 6 percent chance of rain.
but how windy and humid will it be?
the humidity will be around 23 percent with an average wind speed of 1 mph.
okay, can you get me a hotel room there with wifi?
there's a 3 star hotel called the bahia resort hotel.
that'll work, can you book it for me?
how many days will it be for?
just for 3 days.
is your check in date on march 6th?
yes.
so you want a room for 1 for 3 days on march 6th and the bahia resort hotel in san diego?
yes that's perfect.
it's been booked.
what's their number and address?
it's on 998 west mission bay drive and their number is +1 858-539-8666.
thanks, that's everything.
have a great day.
Whats it like outside?
In what city?
Sacramento. Look up the weather for March 4th.
94 degree on average. It probably won't rain but there is still a 27 percent chance it will.
Great. Grab me a hotel room there.
I got 10 for you. First up is Best Western Plus Sutter House. It got 1 star.
Get me 2 rooms there for one day, the 1st of March.
2 rooms for 1 day at Best Western Plus Sutter House in Sacramento on March 1st?
That's right. Check if they have wifi.
Your rooms are booked and they do indeed have wifi.
Nice Job, Bro.
Thanks. What up next?
A nap. I all set.
Rest easy then.
what's the weather in las vegas right now?
the average temperature today will be 84 degrees with an 18 percent chance of rain.
Okay cool.
is there anything else?
i need to find three hotel rooms there, preferably at a 1 star hotel with wifi.
i found 6 places that could work. how does best western plus las vegas west sound? it's a 1 star hotel.
are there any others?
there's also a 1 star hotel called budget suites of america.
that'll work. can you book the rooms for 4 days?
is march 1st your check in date?
yes.
okay, so you want 3 rooms for 4 days, starting march 1st at the budget suites of america in las vegas?
yes, perfect.
it's been booked.
what's their number and address?
their number is +1 702-638-1800 and they're located on 2219 North Rancho Drive.
thanks, that's everything.
have a good day.
I wanna see the weather in delhi, india
temperature is 99 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 4 percent chance of rain.
how windy and humid is it>
humidity is 21 percent and wind seed is 8 miles per hour
how about on march 6th?
the temperature should be 93 degrees fahrenheit and 0 percent chance of rain
how about march 8th
temperature needs to be 98 degrees fahrenheit and 6 percent chance of rain
I want a room in a hotel
10 hotels there and aloft new delhi aerocity is 4 stars
what is the cost and phone?
+91 11 4565 0000 and $176 per night
I want a reservation
wanna check in march 8th?
1 days and check in 7th of this month
confirm aloft new delhi aerocity and check in is march 7th for 1 day at hotel delhi for 1 room
yes, what is the address and does it have wifi?
address is 5b igi t3 road, delhi - ajmer expressway, aerocity, new delhi
thanks a lot
anything else for you>?
no thank you
have a great timr
check weather in delhi, india
average temperature is 99 degrees and there is 4 percent rain chance
I want a one star hotel
aloft new delhi aerocity is a 1 star place
any other hotels there?
andaz delhi - a concept by hyatt and is a 1 star hotel
any other hotels there?
Bloomrooms @ new delhi railway station is a 1 star place
what is the address and phone?
8591, arakashan road, opp new delhi railway station, new delhi and their phone is +91 11 4122 5666
yes that works
how many days for you?
3 days and check in later today
confirm bloomrooms @ new delhi railway station and check in march 1st for 3 days in delhi hotel for 1 person
I want 3 rooms
Hotel delhi for 3
yes that works
it went through
thank you
anything else for you?
No thank you
have a nice one
I wanna check the weather in ATL on the 13th of March
average temperature is 80 degrees fahrenheit and there is a 2 percent chance of it raining
I wanna find a room in a hotel
There are 10 hotels matching your requirements and the AC hotel by Marriott Atlanta buckhead at phipps plaza is great It's a 4 star hotel
How much is it per night?
the room is $108 per night
what is the phone number please?
the phone number is +1 470-231-3030
yes that is great
wanna reserve a room at a hotel?
I want a room for two days and the check in date is the 3rd
Confirm Ac Hotel By Marriott Atlanta Buckhead At Phipps Plaza and check in is March 3rd and the reservation is for 2 days and the hotel is Atlanta and the number of rooms is 1
yes that works. Tell me the address
The address is 3600 Wieuca road northeast
thanks a lot
Can I help with any other matter?
no thank you
Have a great day
Please can you find me a weather forecast for Nairobi, Kenya, on March 7th.
On that day, the average temperature should be 86 degrees Fahrenheit, with an 8 percent chance of rain.
That sounds acceptable, so can you find me a hotel to stay in there?
I recommend Azure Hotel Nairobi Westlands, a nice 5 star hotel.
What's its address?
It's on Lantana Road.
What else could you recommend?
Crowne Plaza Nairobi is a nice 4 star hotel.
Please search for other options, I just need one room.
You could try Crowne Plaza Nairobi Airport, a nice 4 star hotel.
I am happy with that suggestion, so could you make a reservation for one day, starting on March 4th?
So to confirm, you want me to book 1 room at Crowne Plaza Nairobi Airport, in Nairobi, and you'll check in on March 4th and stay for 1 day. Is this okay?
Yes, go ahead.
The hotel has been booked.
Tell me the address, please?
It's at First Freight Lane Jomo Kenyatta International Airport.
Is wifi available there?
No, it isn't, I'm afraid.
Well, thanks all the same, I'll leave it at that for now.
Have a good day!
Can you check the weather in Seattle, WA on today.
It should be an average of 74 degrees with a 32 percent chance of rain.
I'd like to find a hotel there.
I found 10 hotels. The Ace Hotel Seattle has good reviews. It is a 2 star hotel.
What's the phone number?
It's +1 206-448-4721.
What is the cost?
It is $44 per night.
What are some other options?
Belltown Inn is another well reviewed 2 star hotel.
What's another one?
The Best Western Plus Pioneer Square Hotel Downtown is a 3 star with good reviews.
That one sounds good. I'd like to make a reservation for four days on March 1st 2019. I'd like 2 rooms.
Please confirm: You would like to reserve 2 rooms for 4 days at the Best Western Plus Pioneer Square Hotel Downtown, Seattle on March 1st.
That is right.
Your reservation is confirmed.
Thank you so much.
Is there anything else you need?
No, thank you.
Have a great day.
I want to know the weather.
What city's weather would you like to know?
The weather in Chicago.
The average day temperature is 73 degrees Fahrenheit with a 29 percent chance of precipitation.
Alright, I need to get a hotel there.
There are 10 hotels that match. The Ac Hotel By Marriott Chicago downtown is a nice hotel with a 3 star rating.
I prefer a 1 star hotel that has wifi. What hotels match that?
Ace Hotel Chicago is a nice hotel with a 1 star rating.
Yeah, that works for me.
Do you want me to book you a room?
Yes, I'd like to book a room.
Will you be checking in on March 1st?
Yeah, that's a good check in date.
How many days will you need the room?
I'll need it for 4 days. And I need 2 rooms.
I'll book you 2 rooms at Ace Hotel Chicago in Chicago with a check in of March 1st for 4 days, is that correct?
Yes, please book it. And what's the cost per night?
I've booked you the rooms. The cost is $216 per night for a room.
Thanks a lot. That's all the help I need right now.
Alright, take care.
I like to check the weather on march 5th.
On which city you like to check the weather?
I want to check weather in KL.
100 degrees Fahrenheit is the average temperature for the day and 5 percent chances of rain fall.
Fine. I like to book a room in a hotel there and i want to book 1 room.
There is a nice 5 star hotel called Alila Bangsar.
Do you know any other hotel that i may like?
There is a nice 4 star hotel called Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral.
This is perfect for me. I like to book a hotel room.
Reservation is for how many days? Is march 5th is your check in date?
This is okay for me. I want to book the room for 3 days.
Please give confirmation details: Hotel name is Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral which is in Kuala Lumpur. Date of check in is march 5th and reservation is for 3 days. Reservation of room is 1.
No, i need the room for 2 days and date of check in is 4th of this month.
Please give confirmation details: Date of hotel check in is march 4th and booking is for 2 days.
This is perfect for me.
Your booking is done.
Can you tell me its address and what is the room cost per night?
No. 5, Jalan Stesen Sentral, 50470 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan and room cost is $156 per night.
Thank you very much.
Do you need any other help?
No, thanks a lot.
Have a great day.
Will you check the weather in El Cerrito on the 12th?
Average temperature is 88 degrees with 18 percent chance of rain.
NYC?
Average temperature is 70 degrees with 4 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy?
Humidity is 17 percent and average wind speed is 7 miles per hour.
Great. Will you find a hotel there?
I found 10. 1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge is a 4 star hotel.
Sounds great. Will you reserve a room for one day.
Check in on March 12th?
the 10th.
Please confirm 1 room for 1 day at 1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge in New York on March 10th.
Yes.
I've reserved the room.
Does it have wifi? How much per night?
$112 per night with wifi.
Thanks.
Anything else?
No, thanks.
Have a great day.
I need to check what the weather's like in Anaheim, Ca.
No problem. The average temperature in Anaheim for the day is 78 degrees Fahrenheit with a 29 percent chance of rain.
Awesome, thanks. Can you find a hotel room for me out there? I need something rated at least 1 star.
Okay, I found 10 hotels matching your requirements. How about the Anaheim Desert Inn And Suites. It's really nice hotel rated at 1 star.
Yeah that sounds great. I'd like to go ahead and make the reservation now. Make me a reservation for 1 room please.
Are you checking in on March 1st?
Yes that's right.
How many days will you be staying?
Book the room for four days.
No problem. Please confirm the following for me: Make a reservation for 1 room at the Anaheim Desert Inn And Suites in Anaheim on March 1st. The total stay will be for 4 days. Correct?
Yes, thank you so much.
Your reservation is complete.
Thank you! That's all I need for now. Thanks again!
Thank you! Have a good day.
Will you check the weather in Sacramento, CA on March 7th?
Average temperature is 80 degrees with 22 percent chance of rain.
Fine. Will you find a three star hotel with wifi?
Courtyard By Marriott Sacramento Midtown, a 3 star hotel.
Great.
Want to reserve a room?
Yes.
How many days? Check in on March 7th?
1 room for 1 day with check in on the 3rd.
Please confirm 1 room for 1 day at Courtyard By Marriott Sacramento Midtown in Sacramento with check in on March 3rd.
Yes. How much per night?
I've completed your reservation. $297 per night.
Thanks.
Anything else?
No, that's all.
Have a great day.
Can you check the weather for March 2nd?
Which city do you want to check?
I would like to check the weather in Washington D.C. please.
The average temperature will be 82 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
Will there be wind and humidity?
There will be around 16 percent humidity with an average wind speed of 6 miles per hour that day.
Ok, please find me a hotel there.
There is a 3 star hotel called Arc The.Hotel that is very nice.
Are there any one star hotels with three rooms?
Yes, there are 9 of them. There is a nice 1 star hotel called the Cambria Hotel Washington D.C. Convention Center.
Can you tell me the cost of the hotel per night and if it has wifi?
Fortunately the hotel has wifi and the cost of the room would be $261.
Can you find any other hotels that might suit me?
There is a nice 1 star hotel called Capitol Hill Hotel that you would like.
Ok, that sounds good, can I reserve it?
Are you checking in on March 2nd?
Yes, that date will work.
And how many days will you be staying.
I just want the room for one day please.
Please confirm you would like to reserve 3 rooms for 1 day at the Capitol Hill Hotel in Washington D.C. on March 2nd.
Yes, that sounds good!
I have made your reservation.
Can you tell me the cost and the phone number for the hotel please.
Yes, the phone number is +1 202-543-6000 and the room costs $306 per night.
Ok, thank you!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you, that is all I need for now.
Ok, have a great day then!
Can you check the weather in Los Angeles on 9th of this month?
It's 94 degrees Fahrenheit and there is 13 percent chance of rain.
How windy and humid it's going to be?
Humidity is around 20 percent and the average wind speed should be 9 miles per hour.
Ok, please find me room in a hotel.
I found a 2 star hotel and it's Ac Hotel By Marriott Beverly Hills.
That's fine.
Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes.
For how many days?
For 3 days.
Will you check in on March 9th?
I want it next Tuesday.
Okay, you want to reserve 1 room at Ac Hotel By Marriott Beverly Hills in Los Angeles on March 5th for 3 days. Please confirm.
Yes, whats's the phone number and rate per night?
Reservation done. Phone number is +1 323-852-7000 for only $234 per night.
Thank you.
Do you still any other help?
No, thanks.
Enjoy your day.
What is the weather going to be like in Toronto, Ontario on the the 9th?
It should be 67 degrees fahrenheit with 0 percent chance of rain.
And how windy?
About 10 miles per hour.
That sounds ok.
Would you like anything else?
I need one room at a four star hotel to stay in when I get there.
There are 10 suitable matches. There is a nice 4 star hotel called bisha hotel toronto.
Is there anywhere else that I can stay?
Cambridge suites toronto is a wonderful 4 star hotel.
Do they have wifi?
No, they don't.
What is the price to stay a night and the contact number?
The number is +1 800-463-1990 and the price is $136 a night.
Yes, that would be right.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
I need to reserve the hotel.
Is March 9th a good day for you to check in? How many days would you like to stay?
Just one day and I would be checking in on the 3rd of March.
You want 1 room at Cambridge Suites toronto in toronto for March 3rd for 1 day?
Yes and what is the address?
It is located on 15 richmond street east. I made the reservation.
Thanks a lot. That would be it.
Enjoy your day.
I would like to check the weather in Sacramento on March 10th.
The temperature for that day should be 90 degrees fahrenheit on average with a 6 percent chance of rain.
Sure, that is fine. I would like to find a hotel room there.
I have 10 hotels that should fit what you need. Best Western Plus Sutter House is a nice 1 star hotel.
That sounds great. Make me a reservation.
Would you like to check in on March 10th?
No, I want to check in on the 7th.
How many days do you need the room for?
I need the room for 1 day.
Could you confirm that you want to check into Best Western Plus Sutter House on March 7th or 1 day in Sacramento? You need 1 room, right?
Yes, that is all correct.
Your reservation has been made.
Thank you. That is all I needed at the moment.
Have a good one.
I want to see the weather in LAX for the 3rd.
The average temperature is 89 degrees for that day. There is a 0 percent chance of rain.
Okay, I want a hotel room in LA.
Ac Hotel By Marriott Beverly Hills is a 2 star hotel you might want to stay at.
What else is there? Change it to a 4 star hotel. I want just one room
I found 10 hotels for you. One 4 star hotel is Beverly Hills Marriott.
Are there other hotels I may like?
Another 4 star hotel is Crowne Plaza Los Angeles Airport.
What's the number?
The number is +1 310-642-7500.
Does it have wifi?
Yes, it does.
That sounds great.
Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes, do it.
For how many days is it for?
I want it for 2.
Are you checking in on March 3rd?
No, the check in day is today.
Please confirm the reservation details: Booking 1 room at the Crowne Plaza Los Angeles Airport in Los Angeles for 2 days on March 1st.
Yes, that works great!
Your reservation has been confirmed.
What's the address?
It is 5985 West Century Boulevard.
Thank you, that's all I want.
Have a great day!
Tell me what the weather will be in Fairfield on the March 8th.
The temperature will be 92 degrees with a 28 percent chance of rain.
What will the weather be on the 12th of this month?
The temperature will be 82 degrees with only a 7 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity level and the wind speed?
The humidity will hover around 23 percent with the wind averaging 9 miles per hour.
Tell me the weather in Fresno, CA.
The temperature will average 73 degrees with a 13 percent chance of rain.
I see. Find me a hotel to stay there.
Search revealed 5 results. Doubletree By Hilton Hotel Fresno Convention Center is a 3 star hotel.
Is wifi available?
Wifi is available there.
That works for me.
Do you need something more?
Make a reservation for 1 day and three rooms with an arrival date of the 6th of this month.
You want 3 rooms for 1 day at the Doubletree By Hilton Hotel Fresno Convention Center in Fresno and want to arrive on March 6th. Is that right?
That is right.
Your booking is complete.
What is their contact number and how much does each night cost?
You can contact them at +1 559-268-1000 and the cost is $252 a night.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need something more?
No, not right now. Thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you tell me the weather in Paris, France?
Sure. The average for the day is 77 degrees, and there's a 26 percent chance it will rain.
What about the humidity?
32 percent.
And the wind?
7 miles an hour.
Great, can you get me a hotel room there?
Sure. There are 10 possible hotels, including the 4 star hotel Ac Hotel by Marriott Paris Porte Maillot.
What is its daily cost?
$80.
Perfect. Please book me a room.
On March 1st? How long are you staying there for?
Yeah, March 1st. And 3 days.
You want 1 room at Ac Hotel by Marriott Paris Porte Maillot in Paris from March 1st and for 3 days?
That's right. Can you tell me its number and address?
The room as been booked. Its number is +33 1 84 82 49 09 and its address is 6 Rue Gustave Charpentier 75017.
Thanks a ton. I don't need anything else.
Enjoy your day
What's the weather forecast for 14th of this month?
In which location should I check the weather forecast?
Please check in London.
The expected average temperature for the day is 81 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 14 percent chance of rain.
Great, sounds good. Please help me find one room in a two star hotel over there.
45 Park Lane is a nice 2 star hotel.
Please get me the hotel address, as well as the cost per night.
They are at 45 Park Lane, and the room price is $230 per night.
Yes, that works for me, and I'd like to reserve the room for two days, checking in on 9th of this month.
Okay. Let me see if I got everything correctly: You'd like to reserve 1 room at 45 Park Lane in London for 2 days, and your check in date is March 9th.
That is correct.
I have successfully made your reservation.
Please let me have the hotel's phone number.
The hotel's phone number is +44 20 7493 4545.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful. That will be all for now.
Thank you, and have great day!
I want to check the weather condition on March 8th for which I need our help.
Do you have any preferred City in your mind to search for the Weather condition on that day?
Search it in Vegas.
The Temperature level will be 76 degrees Fahrenheit and there will be 17 % chances for rain fall there on that day.
Thanks for that information. In need one more favor from you that you have to check for booking of rooms in a two star hotel there.
Checked and found that Best Western Plus Las Vegas West is the best Hotel and it is 2 star Hotel as you required. What about your opinion?
That is nice and I need to reserve it now.
Can you confirm the check-in date as March 8th?
No, Check-in will be later today.
Let me know the number of days you want to book the rooms?
Make it for 3 days.
Please confirm to book 1 room for 3 days in the Hotel Best Western Plus Las Vegas West from March 1st in Las Vegas.
That is confirmed. Check out whether they have wifi connection there and get me the address details for my reference.
Their address is 8669 West Sahara Avenue and they have Wifi there. Your booking was successfully confirmed in that hotel.
Thanks for your help.
Anything else you need?
No, thanks, that's all.
Have a great day.
I want to check the Weather condition on a particular date which is the 13th. Please help me to check the same.
Do you want to check the weather condition in any particular City that you have in your mind. Please tell me the same to check for.
Check it in Chicago.
please note that the average temperature level will be 65 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 37 % for rain fall there on that day.
That is nice. Do one more favor to me. Please search for a nice Hotel in that area to book two rooms for me.
Found 10 results and what about your opinion on Ac Hotel By Marriott Chicago Downtown with 3 stars? This is the best I think.
I need to search for something else.
How about a Hotel named Ace Hotel Chicago with 4 stars?
Search for some thing else with 4 stars and also I need wifi connection there.
Ambassador Chicago is the nice Hotel and the same have 4 stars. What about your opinion to proceed further.
Get me the contact number and address details to decide.
The address is 1301 North State Parkway and the contact number is +1 888-506-3471. Hope this information will help you to decide.
Yes, this will be perfect for me.
Shall I proceed with Room reservation there?
Yes, do the same for the check-in date Thursday next week.
For How many days?
I want to book it for only one day.
Please confirm to book 2 rooms for 1 day from March 7th in the Hotel Ambassador Chicago in Chicago.
I want to change the booking from the 5th.
Need your final confirmation to book the Hotel Ambassador Chicago from March 5th.
That is confirmed to proceed and let me know the cost for this reservation per night?
It costs $348 per night and I have booked your rooms successfully.
Thanks for the same.
Anything else you need?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
I'd like to find out the weather in LA on March 3rd.
The average temperature in LA for that day should be 89 degrees F with a 0 % chance of rain.
Sure, that sounds right.
Did you need help with anything else?
I'd like to find a room in a hotel there. I'm looking for a 1 star hotel.
I found 10 hotels for you. One nice 1 star hotel is Ac Hotel By Marriott Beverly Hills.
How much is it per night and what is their number?
The room will be $156 a night and their number is +1 323-852-7000.
That sounds good to me. I'd like to make a hotel reservation.
For how many days did you want to make the reservation for
I'd like to book 1 room checking in 3rd of March 2019 for 1 day.
Please confirm you're booking 1 room at Ac Hotel By Marriott Beverly Hills in Los Angeles checking in March 3rd for 1 day.
Yes, that sounds right. Where is the hotel located and does it have wifi?
Your reservation has been confirmed. The hotel is at 6399 Wilshire Boulevard and it does have wifi.
Thank you.
Did you need help with anything else?
No, but thank you again.
Have a nice day.
What's the weather like in Nairobi, Kenya?
The average temperature is hot! 105 degrees Fahrenheit with 0 chance of rain
Ok, book me 1 hotel room there in a 1 star hotel
I found 10 hotels for you. Azure Hotel Nairobi Westlands is a 1 star hotel
How much is that? Do they have wifi there?
A room is $135 per night and wifi is not available
Any other options?
Crowne Plaza Nairobi is also a 1 star hotel
What else do you have? Let's try a 4 star hotel instead
I have 8 options for you. Crowne Plaza Nairobi Airport looks good and is a 4 star hotel
Ok book that please.
Arriving March 1st? Staying for how long?
Yes that's right. I'll stay just 1 day
Please confirm: 1 room at the Crowne Plaza Nairobi Airport in Nairobi, arriving on March 1st for 1 day
Yes please book it
Your reservation is confirmed
Do they have wifi there? What was the cost for that?
The hotel does not have wifi. Your room is $468 per night
Ok good. Thanks
Take care.
What's the weather on March 10th?
In which city?
Check in Toronto.
The average temperature will 73 degrees and there will be a 26 percent chance of rain.
Okay, I want to book a hotel room there.
I found 10 hotels nearby. There's a 3 star hotel called Best Western Plus Toronto North York Hotel & Suites.
What's their address and phone number?
They're at 50 Norfinch Drive and can be reached at +1 416-663-9500.
Sounds good to me.
Should I book you a room?
Yes, please do.
Will you check in March 10th?
No, on the 3rd of March and I'll need 2 rooms.
For how many days?
Just one day, thanks.
Please confirm you'd like 2 rooms at the Best Western Plus Toronto North York Hotel & Suites in Toronto for 1 day starting March 3rd.
Yes, that's right.
I've made your reservation.
Thanks, that's all for now.
Have a good rest of your day.
Can you see what the weather will be in Delhi, India on the 6th of March?
Sure, the average temperature will be 93 degrees with a 0 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy do you know?
The wind will be about 7 miles an hour average.
Okay, help me find a hotel room there.
Sure, there are 10 that may work. How about a 4 star hotel called Aloft New Delhi Aerocity?
Sounds great. I'll need three rooms for 4 days starting March 1st.
I'll book it as soon as you confirm that you want 3 rooms at the Aloft New Delhi Aerocity in Delhi, India for 4 days starting on March 1st.
Yup. How much is it a night and does it have wifi?
Your rooms are booked. There's no wifi and its $444 a night.
Thanks, that's all.
Have a good one.
What will the weather be on March 6th in New York?
There is a 26 percent chance of rain that day with an average temperature of 64 degrees.
I need to find a hotel there with wifi.
I was able to find 10 hotels for you. How about 1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge? It has a 4 star rating.
That will work. I want to make a reservation for three room and want to check in this Saturday.
How many days should I reserve the rooms for?
We will be staying for three days.
Alright, please confirm you would like to reserve 3 rooms at 1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge in New York for 3 days with a check in date of March 2nd.
Yes, that is correct.
Ok, your reservation has been confirmed.
Thanks so much.
Is there anything else you need?
No, that's it.
Have a nice day.
I want to check about weather condition in a particular area for which I need your help to check the exact level.
Do you have any particular area in your mind to which you need to check the weather condition?
Yes, I want to check it for Paris on particular date that is March 13th. Hope this information enough to search.
Yes, please note that the average Temperature level will be 88 degrees Fahrenheit and 23 % chances for rain fall there on that particular day.
That is nice. I need one more help from you. Can you search for a 2 star Hotel there because I want to stay there for a while and I need 2 rooms.
Found 10 results based on your requirement. What about a Ac Hotel By Marriott Paris Porte Maillot with 2 stars? which is the best I think.
I will decide. Before that I want to know the cost per night for the reservation in that hotel. Do they have wifi there?
No, they do not have wifi connection there and the cost will be $432 per night. Is that okay to you.
No, I want to search some other Hotel with three stars.
Got 9 results. What about Amastan Paris Hotel with 3 stars. Do you need any more information about this hotel to decide?
No, that's enough and the same was okay to me.
Shall I proceed with room reservation at this hotel?
Yes, do it for me now.
Let me know the number of days you are planning to stay there so that I can book the rooms according to your plan.
I think I will stay there for 4 days and book it accordingly.
What will be the Check-in date, whether it is March 13th? or anything else?
Please book the rooms from next Monday.
Need your confirmation to book 2 rooms for 4 days in Hotel Amastan Paris in Paris from March 4th.
Sorry, just now I changed my travel plan and can you book the rooms for three days from 11th of March?
Yes, and need your final confirmation to book rooms for 3 days from March 11th.
That is correct to proceed further.
I have booked the rooms successfully in that hotel.
Thank you so much for your help.
Any more help you need to do?
No, that's enough. Thank you.
Have a great day.
I want to check the weather Condition on March 14th. Can you help me to check the same.
Yes, will check for the same for that day. Do you have any particular City in your mind for which you need to check the weather?
Check it in SF.
The average temperature level will be 93 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 12 % for rain fall there on that day.
That's okay. I have a plan to stay there for a while, can you help me to search for nice hotels?
I got 10 results. What about a Hotel named Amsterdam Hostel San Francisco which is the good one I think and it has 1 star.
Search for something else.
How about a 4 star hotel named Argonaut Hotel?
Let me know the cost and address of this hotel to decide.
Cost for room is $264 per night and the address is 495 Jefferson Street.
I want to search for something else.
What about Beck's Motor Lodge with 2 star? Hope you will like it as it was always in Customer's priority list.
Yes, I also chose the same.
Shall I book rooms in that hotel for you?
Yes, I need to book 1 room for 3 days from next Monday.
Need your confirmation to book 1 room in the Beck's Motor Lodge Hotel in San Francisco for 3 days from March 4th.
Yes, confirmed, g ahead.
I have booked our required rooms successfully.
Thanks for the same.
Anything else you need?
No, thank you.
Have a great day.
Can you tell me the weather forecast for March 5th?
In which city?
Check in Moraga.
It is expected to average 77 degrees with a 6 percent chance of rain.
Is it supposed to be humid or windy?
Humidity is expected to be 24 percent and wind speeds 1 mile per hour.
Can you also check Atlanta on the March 6th.
It is expected to average 87 degrees with a 25 percent chance of rain.
I'd like to find a hotel there. I'll need 3 rooms and want a 4 star hotel with wifi.
I found 10 hotels that would work. There's the Ac Hotel by Marriott Atlanta Buckhead at Phipps Plaza that is a 4 star.
Sounds good. I'd like to make a reservation.
Did you want to check in March 6th? How many days will you be staying?
I just want the rooms for one day the 2nd of March.
Please verify: You would like to reserve 3 rooms for 1 night on March 2nd at the Ac Hotel by Marriott Atlanta Buckhead at Phipps Plaza in Atlanta.
Correct. What is the cost per night? I'd also like their phone number.
The cost is $468 per night and their number is +1 470-231-3030. Your reservation has been confirmed.
Thank you. That's all I need for now.
Have a great day.
What's the weather going to be like on March 12th?
What city would like to know the weather for?
I want to know the weather for Las Vegas.
The temperature average for the day will be 84 degrees Fahrenheit and there will be a 7 percent chance for rain.
What's the humidity and wind going to be like?
The humidity will be around 22 percent and the wind speed will average at 1 mile per hour.
Okay, nice. Let's find a hotel room there.
The Best Western Plus Las Vegas West is a nice hotel with 3 stars.
What else might be a good fit for me?
The Budget Suites Of America is a nice hotel with 1 star.
Is there wifi at the hotel?
Yes, there is wifi at the hotel.
Can you give me the address? And what's the cost for a night there?
They are located at 2219 North Rancho Drive and it is $105 for a night.
I'm looking for a three stay hotel, is there anything else that might suit me?
The Hampton Inn Las Vegas/Summerlin is a nice hotel with 3 stars.
Okay, that sounds good. Can you book me one room for one day. I'll be checking in next Friday.
I'll book you 1 room at Hampton Inn Las Vegas/Summerlin in Las Vegas with a chien in date of March 8th for 1 day, is that correct?
Yeah, that's correct. Also, does this hotel have wifi, and what's the room cost per night?
I've booked you the room. The room is $87 per night and the hotel does have wifi.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need anything else from me?
No, thanks so much.
Alright, take care.
I need to know the weather, please.
In which city would you like me to check the weather?
The weather in Fresno for March 6th, please.
The average temperature will by 71 degrees with a 1 percent chance of rain in Fresno.
How humid do you think it'll be?
Humidity levels will be around 16 percent.
How windy will it be?
Wind speed will have an average of 3 miles per hour.
Okay. I'l like to find a hotel room in the area.
I see the Doubletree By Hilton Hotel Fresno Convention Center is local and has a 3 star rating.
Do you have any other hotel recommendations?
There's the La Quinta Inn By Wyndham Fresno Yosemite with a 2 star rating.
Cool. That sounds great.
Should I reserve a room for you at this hotel?
Yes, I'd like to make a reservation for two room Monday next week for one day.
To confirm: You'd like to reserve 2 rooms for 1 day on March 4th at the la Quinta Inn By Wyndham Fresno Yosemite in Fresno, correct?
Yes, that's correct.
You hotel reservation has been confirmed.
What's the address of the hotel, and do they have Wi-Fi?
The hotel is located at 2926 Tulare Street, and there is Wi-Fi on the premises.
That's so much for all of your help. That'll be all.
Enjoy your day.
Can you please check the weather for me on this Sunday in Bay Point?
There's a 20 percent change of rain with an average temperature of 72 degrees Fahrenheit.
OK. Please check also for Long Beach on March 12th.
There's a 26 percent change of rain with an average temperature of 90 degrees Fahrenheit.
Is it going to be humid?
No. The humidity is forecasted at 4 percent.
Perfect. Can you help me find 1 room in a 1 star hotel with wifi?
There are 10 hotels meeting your criteria. How about the nice 1 star Best Western of Long Beach?
Sounds great. Let's make a reservation for 1 room for 1 day checking in on the 1st of March.
Can you please confirm that you want me to book 1 room for 1 day checking in on March 1st at the Best Western of Long Beach in Long Beach?
Yes, that's correct.
I've successfully placed your reservation.
Can you please tell me the price per night as well as their phone number.
The room is $80 per night and you can reach them at +1 562-599-5555.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thanks again.
Have a great day!
I need the weather for Sydney for March 12th.
The temperature in Sydney for March 12th should be around 101 degrees Fahrenheit. There is also a 2 percent chance of rain.
Good. Can you help me find a hotel in Sydney?
How about the 28 Hotel Sydney? It is a nice 4 star hotel.
That sounds good.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. Can you get me 1 room for 1 day?
Would you like to check in on March 12th?
No, I want to check in on March 1st.
Can you confirm the following: You need a reservation for 1 to the 28 Hotel Sydney in Sydney for March 1st. You will be staying for 1 day.
Yep, that works.
Your reservation has been successfully made.
Thank you very much. That's all for now.
My pleasure. Have a good day.
Will you check the weather in Nairobi on March 12th?
Average temperature is 103 degrees with 9 percent chance of rain.
Humidity?
28 percent.
That's fine.
Anything else?
Will you find a hotel room there?
I found 10. Azure Hotel Nairobi Westlands is a 5 star hotel.
Anything with one room?
Crowne Plaza Nairobi, a 4 star hotel.
What's their number? Wifi?
+254 719 096000. No wifi.
Great.
Want to reserve a hotel room?
Yes.
Check in on March 12th? How many days?
Reserve room for one day with check in on 1st of this month.
Please confirm 1 room for 1 day at Crowne Plaza Nairobi in Nairobi with check in on March 1st.
Make that 4 days.
Please confirm 1 room for 4 days.
That's right. How much per night?
$288.
Thanks.
Anything else?
No. That's all.
Have a great day.
I would like to get the weather forecast.
What city do you need the forecast for?
Search in Portland.
The average temperature for the day should be 75 degrees Fahrenheit along with a 9 percent chance of rain.
Okay, then.
Do you need something else?
I'd like a hotel room there.
Aloft Portland Airport At Cascade Station is a great 3 star hotel.
Could you tell me its phone number?
You can call them at +1 503-200-5678.
What is the address?
The address is 9920 Northeast Cascades Parkway.
Would there be any other hotels that I may like?
Best Western Plus Portland Airport Hotel & Suites is a nice 2 star.
Sounds perfect.
Would you like to reserve a room there?
Yes please.
Will you check in March 1st, and for how many days do you need the reservation?
That sounds good. Make it for 2 days.
Please double check: You want to check in to 1 room at Best Western Plus Portland Airport Hotel & Suites on March 1st for 2 days in Portland?
Yes, that is good, and where is the exact location?
Your reservation was made successfully. The address is 11938 Northeast Airport Way.
Thanks a bunch.
Could I assist you further?
No, that is it.
Have a great day.
Please check the weather.
Which city you want?
I want KL on March 14th.
It's going to be 100 degrees Fahrenheit with 5 percent chance of rain.
How windy it is?
It should be 9 miles per hour.
Okay. Please find me a hotel there.
I got 10 hotels and one is Alila Bangsar which is a 5 star hotel.
It has wifi? And what is the address?
It's at East Side 58 Jalan Ang Seng Brickfields 50470 and they do not have wifi.
Yes, please reserve me a room there.
How many days?
For one only.
Will you check in on March 14th?
On the 11th.
Okay, you want 1 rooms reservation at Alila Bangsar in Kuala Lumpur on March 11th for 1 days only. Please confirm.
Yes.
Reservation done!
Thank you, that's all.
Enjoy your day.
I want to see how the weather is in Philadelphia on March 3rd.
From what I can see the average temperature for the requested day in Philadelphia will be 85 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 21 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell me the humidity level there?
The humidity level is expected to be 41 percent.
Alright, fine. I also will need a place to sleep, so find me a room in a hotel there. I want the hotel to be a four star one, and I am in need of just one room. Please make sure the hotel is a 4 star one.
There are 10 hotels which match what you requested. One of the hotels is Hilton Philadelphia At Penn'S Landing which is a good 4 star hotel.
That suits me well. I would like for a reservation to be made at this hotel.
Will you be going at the hotel on March 3rd? Can you tell me the number of days that you are going to stay at the hotel?
That seems right. I will need the room at the hotel for two days.
Can you please confirm that you want to book 1 room for 2 days at the Hilton Philadelphia At Penn'S Landing hotel in Philadelphia for March 3rd?
That is what I want.
Your room has been booked.
I appreciate it very much. Thank you, that would be all.
Have a good time!
Hi, could you help me check the weather on 5th of this month please?
Sure, where would you like me to check at?
In Moraga, please.
The average temperature should be 77 degrees Fahrenheit with a 6 percent chance of rain.
Sure, how about in LA?
The average temperature should be 87 degrees Fahrenheit with a 12 percent chance of rain.
I see, thank you! Could you help me find a room in a one star hotel, preferably one with wifi?
Sure, there is a 1 star hotel called Ac Hotel by Marriott Beverly Hills.
What is the nightly cost of staying there?
This will cost you $156 each night.
Sure, this sounds great.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Sure, please do so.
Would you intend to check in at March 5th?
No, I would be checking in on Monday next week.
And how many days do you intend to stay?
Just for one day will do.
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 1 room at Ac Hotel By Marriott Beverly Hills on March 4th for 1 day in Los Angeles.
This is fine with me, thanks!
Your reservation has been made!
May I have their address please?
Sure, you can visit them at 6399 Wilshire Boulevard.
I see, and what is their phone number?
You can contact them at +1 323-852-7000.
Thank you! That is all the help I need for now.
Sure, have a great day ahead!
What's the weather like in Fresno, Ca?
It's 72 degrees fahrenheit with a 2 % chance of rain
Thanks, I'd like to find a 2 star hotel room please.
There are 5 hotels that match. How about the Doubletree by Hilton Hotel Fresno Convention Center, it's a 2 star.
Sure.
Shall I reserve a room?
Yes, I want 3 rooms for 2 days on the 1st of this month.
Please confirm your booking: 3 room reservations for a total of 2 days in Fresno at the Doubletree By Hilton Hotel Fresno Convention Center on March 1st
Correct, thanks.
This reservation is complete.
Awesome, thanks for all your help.
Have a wonderful day.
Could you check the forecasted weather in San Diego on 12th of this month?
Sure. That day will have a 10 percent chance of rain, and the average temperature will be 90 degrees Fahrenheit.
Could you give me the wind and humidity forecast too?
Average wind speed will be 5 miles per hour. Humidity is expected to hang around 27 percent.
Alright, thanks. I'd like to find a hotel room in the area too.
I've found 10 hotels that might work for you. There's a 3 star hotel called Bahia Resort Hotel. How does that sound?
Give me their address. Also, do they have Wi-Fi?
They do have Wi-Fi and can be found at 998 West Mission Bay Drive.
Okay, I like the sound of that. I'd like to make a reservation there.
How long were you planning on staying? Was the first day you needed March 12th?
I just need the room for 1 day, and that's the 6th of this month.
Let's quickly go over the details. You want to reserve 1 room for 1 day at the Bahia Resort Hotel in San Diego. You'll be checking in on March 6th.
That's right. Give me their phone number.
I've made the reservation. Their phone number is +1 858-539-8666.
How much will the room cost per night?
The hotel charges $252 a night.
Thank you. I don't need anything else at the moment.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
What will the weather be like in London on March 14th?
The temperature should be 81 degrees with a 14 percent chance of rain.
Thanks. I want to find a hotel room.
I found a 5 star hotel named 45 Park Lane.
I want to make a reservation for one room for 2 days the day after tomorrow.
Please confirm the following: 1 room for 2 days on March 3rd at 45 Park Lane in London.
Yes.
Your reservation is complete.
Thank you so much, that is all.
Have a good day.
Could you give me the weather forecast for March 7th?
For what city please?
In Portland please.
In Portland, the chance of rain is 32 percent with a temperature of 72 degrees Fahrenheit.
Thanks. May I reserve a hotel room please?
Of course. May I suggest Aloft Portland Airport At Cascade Station, which has a 3 star rating?
How much is it and where are they located?
The hotel is $114 nightly and the location is 9920 Northeast Cascades Parkway.
Perfect, let's book that please. I'd like it for 2 days starting on the 6th of this month.
Confirming 1 room on March 6th at the Aloft Portland Airport At Cascade Station in Portland for 2 days total.
Great, thanks. Do you know if they have wifi and what their phone number is?
The hotel does have wifi and the phone number there is +1 503-200-5678. The reservation is complete.
Thanks for your help.
My pleasure. Anything else right now?
Not right now, no.
Thank you, take care!
I would like you to check the weather for March 5th.
What city should I check?
check Inverness.
The temperature on average should be 77 degrees fahrenheit with a 7 percent chance of rain.
Could you check the weather in New York on March 10th?
The average temperature will be 59 degrees fahrenheit with a 0 percent chance of rain.
Okay, look for a hotel froom for me in Inverness.
I have 10 hotels that should be suitable. 1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge is a nice 4 star hotel.
That sounds great. Make me a hotel reservtion for 3 days, checking in on March 1st.
Could you confirm that you want to check into 1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge New York on March 1st for 3 days, and that you need 1 room?
Yes, that is good. What is the address?
Your reservation has been made. The address is 60 Furman Street, Brooklyn.
I appreciate it. Thank you, that is all I need.
Have a great day.
Can you please check the weather for 13th of this month?
Sure, in which city?
Tiburon but check for the March 10th.
There's a 15 percent change of rain with an average temperature of 85 degrees Fahrenheit.
OK. Now please check for San Francisco.
There a 12 percent chance of rain with an average temperature of 93 degrees Fahrenheit.
OK. Now let's search for three hotel rooms there in a hotel that provides wifi access.
There are 10 hotels matching your criteria out of which I recommend Amsterdam Hostel San Francisco, a very nice 1 star location.
Sounds good to me.
Do you want me to place a reservation for you?
Yes, please do.
Will you be checking in on March 10th.
No, I want to check in on the 7th.
How many days will you be staying?
I need the reservation for 2 days.
Can you please confirm that you want me to book 3 rooms for you at Amsterdam Hostel San Francisco in San Francisco, checking in on March 7th and staying for 2 days?
Yes, that's correct.
I've successfully placed your reservation.
Thanks. That will be all for now!
Have a nice day!
I want to check the weather condition in Atlanta on March 7th for which I need your help.
The average temperature level will be 83 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 26 % for rain fall there on that day.
Thanks for that information. I want to stay there for a while and I need your help to search for the Hotel there.
I found 10 hotels that suit your requirements. What about the one at Ac Hotel By Marriott Atlanta Buckhead At Phipps Plaza with 4 stars?
What is the cost per night in that hotel and let me know their address for my reference.
The cost is $108 and the address is 3600 Wieuca Road Northeast. Do you need any other information .
Not for this hotel. Can you check for something else based on my requirements?
Yes what about a hotel named Ac Hotel By Marriott Atlanta Downtown with 3 stars?
Hotel with two stars is enough, search for something else.
Found 8 and the one is Aloft Atlanta Downtown with 2 stars. Hope you will like it.
Yes, I like the same.
How can I help you further.
Please help me to make a reservation in this hotel.
Shall I go with check-in date as March 7th?
No, book it from the 4th.
to which date you want to book the hotel?
I want to book it for four days.
Need your confirmation to book 1 room in the hotel Aloft Atlanta Downtown in Atlanta for 4 days from March 4th.
Make it for two rooms.
Please confirm to book 2 rooms from March 4th.
That is confirmed to proceed and also let me know whether they have wifi connection there.
I have reserved your required rooms successfully and the hotel has wifi.
Thanks and that's all for now.
Have a great day.
Hello! On March 11th, please may I know how the weather will be?
To which location you wish to know the weather forecast?
Please check for SD.
Sure. It's mostly sunny and there is a less chance of 5 percent rain and the average temperature of the day will be around 88 degrees Fahrenheit.
Thank you so much for the information you provided.
Do you need any other details?
Yup! I wish to book a room in some good hotels there? Can you help me on this?
Sure, I have found 10 hotels that suits your need. There is a 3 star hotel with a good rating named Bahia Resort Hotel. Do you wish to stay here?
Do they have internet or wifi connection available?
Yup! They do have wifi.
Is there any other good hotels available nearby for I'm looking to book one room.
Yup, there are 9 hotels available in total. One among them is a 2 star hotel named Best Western Mission Bay. Do you wish to stay here?
Any other hotels which costs economical?
Yup, there is a 3 star hotel, Best Western Plus Bayside Inn which provides all amenities. Do you wish to stay here?
Please can I have their contact number? Is wifi included in the package?
Yup, its included and you can reach them at +1 619-233-7500.
Yup! Sounds great. Please can you reserve a room for one day in this hotel?
Sure! When will be your check in? Is it on March 11th?
By Tuesday next week, I will check in.
Please confirm me that you wish to reserve 1 room for 1 day at hotel Best Western Plus Bayside Inn located in San Diego on March 5th. Is that right?
Yup, you're correct. Please can I have their address as well how much they charge per night?
They are located at 555 West Ash Street and it costs $168 per night. Your reservation for the room is successful.
Thanks a bunch. I'm all set.
Have a wonderful day.
Please check the weather in LA for me
Current weather in LA is 76 degree with 28 percent chance of raining
ok, please also find me a hotel
I found 10 hotels. What about 2 star hotel by ac hotel by marriott beverly hills
ok, perfect
do you want me to reserve a room for you
yes please book two rooms for me for one day checking in today
please confirm your booking for 2 rooms for 1 day with ac hotel by marriott beverly hills in los angeles on march 1st
yes that works, what is their phone number
Your room is booked. their number is +1 323-852-7000
How much does it cost and do they have wifi
The hotel does have wifi and it will be $116 per night
Thank you
anything else i can do for you
no that's it
have a nice day
Hello! Can you tell me the weather forecast for SD on March 4th, for I've to travel for a trip?
Yup, the probability of raining is 7 percent and the average temperature would be 75 degrees Fahrenheit.
Is the day going to be windy or sunny or cloudy?
There will be an average wind speed of 9 miles per hour for the day.
What will be the expected humidity on March 4th?
It would be around 18 percent.
Thanks for the information. Please I wish to book 2 rooms in a good 2 star hotel. Can you help me?
Yup. There is a 2 star hotel with good rating named Bahia Resort Hotel. Do you wish to stay here?
Do they have contact number?
Yup, you can reach them at +1 858-539-8666.
Sounds good. Please can you reserve rooms in this hotel?
sure. How long you wish to stay here? When will be your check in? Is it on March 4th?
Nope, I would check in on 1st of this month and want room for 1 day.
Please can you confirm the booking details. I've booked a hotel Bahia Resort Hotel in San Diego for 1 day and your check in date will be on March 1st and 2 of you would stay there. Is that right?
Yup, you're right.
Okay! I've made the reservation successfully for you.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything to assist with?
Nope, thanks much.
Have a wonderful day.
What will the weather be like in Toronto, Canada on 1st of March?
The average daytime temperature should be around 58 degrees and there is a 13 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy?
The average wind speed will be around 9 miles per hour.
Okay great. I'd like to find one room in a 2 star hotel to stay in while im there.
There are 10 hotels that meet your criteria. There is a nice 2 star hotel called Best Western Plus Toronto North York Hotel & Suites.
Ok great. I'd like to reserve a room for one day only.
Will you be checking in on march 1st?
Yes that's perfect.
Okay so you would like to make a reservation for 1 room at the Best Western Plus Toronto North York Hotel & Suites in Toronto on March 1st and you will be staying for 1 day.
That's correct. What is the address and phone number of the hotel?
Your reservation has been confirmed. Their address is 50 Norfinch Drive and their phone number is +1 416-663-9500.
Thanks for your help. I don't need anything else right now.
Enjoy your day.
Tell me what the weather's like in Long Beach, CA.
The average temperature for the day will be around 80 degrees Fahrenheit with a 17 percent chance of rain.
How windy and humid is it going to be?
The humidity should be around 40 percent with wind speeds around 2 miles per hour.
Okay thanks. Can you find me a hotel out there? I'd like to 3 rooms at a hotel with at least 1 star. They must have wifi.
I've found 10 hotels matching your search. How about the best Western Of Long beach? It's a nice 1 star hotel.
Okay, that sounds good to me.
Can I help you with anything else?
Yes please. I'd like to make a hotel reservation for the 1st of March.
How many days will you be staying?
I need the room for two days.
Alright, please confirm the following details: Booking 3 rooms at the Best Western Of Long Beach in Long Beach for 2 days on March 1st. Is that correct?
Yes, that's right. How much will it cost per night?
The rooms are $138 a night. Your reservation has been completed. Enjoy your stay!
Okay, what's the address and phone number?
The address is 1725 Long Beach Boulevard and the number is +1 562-599-5555.
Okay, thank you very much! That's all for now.
Have a great day!
Can you check the weather in Portland on March 11th for me?
There is a 42 percent chance of rain with average temperature of 63 degrees.
Does it give the expected humidity and wind speed?
Humidity is only around 38 percent. Wind speed forecast at 7 mph
Thank you for your help
Is there anything else I can do?
Can you help me find a room at a 3 star hotel there.
There are 10 hotels. Aloft Portland Airport At Cascade Station is a highly recommended hotel and has a 3 star rating.
Can you tell me some others please?
Canopy By Hilton Portland Pearl District is also a 3 star hotel in the area.
Do they have wifi available? What is the cost per night?
Yes wifi is available in all rooms. Rooms are $84 per night
Yes that one sounds good. Can you make a reservation for me? I need 1 room and will check in on the 7th of March.
How many days will be staying?
I will stay for 2 days/
To confirm: You wish to reserve 1 room, for 2 days at Canopy By Hilton Portland Pearl District, in Portland, check in date of March 7th. Is this correct?
Yes it is
Your reservation is confirmed
Thanks for your help
Is there anything else I can do?
No thank you, that is all
Have a wonderful day
I'd like to check the New York weather for the 11th of March.
That day we'll have an average temperature of 65 degrees Fahrenheit and the chance of rain will be 34 percent.
Sounds good. I'd like to find a hotel to stay at.
You might enjoy 1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge, which is rated 4 stars.
Could you tell me their telephone number?
Of course, it's +1 833-625-6111
What other hotels could you recommend? I'd like something that has Wi-Fi and a 1 star rating.
There are 9 possibilities. You might like 1 Hotel Central Park, which is rated with 1 star.
And the telephone number?
Sure, their number is +1 212-703-2001.
Anything else that you can recommend?
Another good 1 star hotel is 11 Howard.
That should work. Let's book a room there please.
Is that for a March 11th check in? And for how many days?
I plan to check in on the 3rd and stay for 3 days.
Confirming a 3 day reservation for 1 room at the 11 Howard hotel in New York, checking in on March 3rd.
Great, thanks. What is the room charge per night and also the address of the hotel?
The hotel is located at 11 Howard Street and the room costs $192 per night. I have successfully reserved your room.
Thanks for all your help.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
I think you've done everything.
I'm happy to help.
I'd like to check the weather please.
What city would you like to check the weather for?
Please can you tell me the weather in Long Beach.
The average daytime temperature is around 80 degrees and there is a 17 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy there?
The average wind speed is likely to be 2 miles per hour.
Okay thanks. I'd like to book a two star hotel with wifi while I'm there.
There are 10 hotels that meet your criteria. The Best Western Of Long Beach is nice and it has a 2 star rating.
Can you give me their phone number and address?
Their address is 1725 Long Beach Boulevard and their number is +1 562-599-5555
Okay that sounds perfect. I'd like to book two rooms for check in on March 1st. This will be for one day only.
Okay sure so to confirm: You would like to book 2 rooms at the Best Western Of Long Beach in Long Beach on March 1st and you will be staying for 1 day only.
That's perfect.
Your booking has been confirmed.
Thank you, that's all for now.
Enjoy your day.
I need to check the March 1st for weather please.
Which city are you looking in?
The San Carlos weather.
The average temp is 90 degrees and there is an 8 percent chance of percipitation.
How about in LAX
The average temp is 76 degrees with a 28 percent chance of percipitation.
Okay, I need a house to stay in there.
I found 10. One is located at 1020 South Figueroa Street and is rated 4.2.
That sounds great.
Would you like to reserve it?
Yes please make a reservation.
How many people? Will you check in on March 1st? Which date will you check out?
Perfect, I will check out on the 2nd of march and there is 1 person.
Okay I have a house for 1 from March 1st to March 2nd in Los Angeles, correct?
Yes that sounds good.
Your house has been booked.
Thanks, that's all I need.
It was my pleasure, enjoy!
I would like to know something about the weather
Where do you want me to look?
The place is nairobi, kenya
Well then. The temperature is around 105 degrees fahrenheit and the probability of rain is 0 percent
It's fine with me so please, look for a house there
The results tell me that there are 10 possibilities. I've found a house located at 14 riverside westlands at 4.5
do they offer laundry service?
Yes, they do
Tell me about the other houses. We're in 2 people
I've found another 9 options. One is rated 4.5 and it is situated at 9042/1044 tower avenue jomo kenyatta intl airport
Look further for a 4.5 rating or even higher
I've found 8 options, one of them is at chiromo road and the rating is 4.5
this one can work for me, check out is on 5th of march
is check in on march 1st?
yes, exactly
Confirm me the acquired data before I go on. You're looking for a house for 2 in nairobi and you will check it on march 1st and check out on march 5th
No, check out date is wrong, the right one is march 8th
confirm again please. Check in date is march 1st and check out date is march 8th
yes, you can proceed now
Everything's fine, you got what you asked
I'm happy to know that, just tell me the price and the phone number.
the total is $2,030 and the number is +254 703 049000
thank you, I can't wait to see it
Glad I could have helped you, take care.
I want to check the weather on the March 13th in SD.
on that day the average temperature will be 75 degrees Fahrenheit there is a 19 percent chance of rain.
OK great I want to find a house to stay there.
There's a nice house located at 1003 Coast Boulevard, la Jolla California 92037, United States which is rated 4.6.
That sounds really good.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
I want to book this house and I want to check out on 13th of March 2019.
When would you like to check in is it on the March 13th and how many people will be staying in your group?
I was checking on the 6th of this month and there will be 2 people.
Ok let's confirm the details, the location is San Diego there are 2 people in your group. The check-in date is March 6th and the checkout date is March 13th.
Ok great can you just tell me the total price and does this place have a laundry service?
Your reservation was successful. There is a laundry service and the total price is $2,520.
Thanks for your help.
Is there anything else I can do?
No that will be all.
Thank you have a nice day.
I need to check the weather for 3rd of this month.
What city should I check?
Newark.
The temperature should be 87 degrees with a 12 percent chance of rain.
Okay, how about Anaheim on the March 14th?
The temperature should be 88 degrees with a 20 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy will it be?
The average wind speed should be about 6 miles per hour and the humidity is around 44 %.
Thanks. I want to find a house to stay at.
There are 10 houses available. There is a nice one with a 4.2 rating at 1050 West Ball Road.
This is a great house!
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please, there will be four people. I want it from March 10th to the 14th of March 2019.
Please confirm the following reservation: 4 people renting the house in Anaheim from March 10th to March 14th.
Awesome, yes.
Your reservation is complete!
Thank you for everything.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.
My pleasure. Bye!
I need the weather for San Diego on March 3rd.
It will be 82 degrees with a 7 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be?
The wind speed is 11 miles per hour.
How about Portland on March 4th?
The temperature will be 68 degrees with an 18 percent chance of rain.
I also need a house for 2 with a 3.8 rating and laundry.
I have a 3.8 at 1000 Northeast Multnomah Street.
What is the phone?
The phone is +1 503-281-6111.
Do you have another?
I have a 3.8 at 1150 Northwest 9th Avenue.
I want that house.
Do you want to book it?
Yes go ahead and book.
What is the check out date?
Check out is the 5th.
Is check in March 4th?
Yes that is correct.
Confirm Portland for 2 for March 4th to March 5th.
Yes, can I get phone?
You are confirmed and phone is +1 503-220-1339.
Thank you for everything.
Is there anything else?
That is all I need.
Thanks for using us, goodbye.
I want to know how the weather will be on 9th of March.
Can you tell me the city where you want to check the weather?
I want to check the weather in ATL.
The average temperature in ATL for the day is expected to be 93 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 18 percent chance of rain.
Alright, fine. I need also a place to stay there, so I want to find a house.
There are 10 houses which you might consider staying. One of the good houses with a rating of 4.3 is at 101 Andrew Young International Boulevard Northwest.
Can you suggest some other houses?
Another house I can suggest has a rating of 4.5 and is located at 1065 Peachtree Street Northeast.
This house seems as what I want.
Do you want to book this house?
Yes, I want to make a reservation for this house. I will go there on next Friday, and I will need the house till the 11th.
Can you tell me how many people are in your group?
It's just 1 person. I will be leaving on 12th of this month.
Can you please confirm that you want a house for 1 person in Atlanta, and you will go there on March 8th, and will be needing the house till March 12th.
That seems right.
Your house has been booked.
Can you check if the house has laundry service? How much will this house cost me?
I can confirm that the house has laundry service, and it will cost you $576.
I appreciate your help. That would be all.
I enjoy helping you. Good bye!
What's the weather like in Portland?
75 degree average temps with a 9 percent chance of showers.
Noted. Locate a house there.
Here are the first 10, 1000 Northeast Multnomah Street it has a 4.2.
Do they offer a way to wash clothes there? Is there a number I can get?
They do provide a laundry service and can be reached at +1 503-281-6111.
That's the house I want make it so.
May I assume you are checking in March 1st? How many will be staying there and for how long?
Yes you can and the two of us will be staying unitl the 3rd of this month.
In summation the 2 of you will arrive in Portland. March 1st and leave March 3rd, yes?
You got it.
The mission accomplished.
Appreciate it, I won't be needing anything else.
I was happy to be of service. Good day.
I need to find out the weather in Bodega Bay for the 9th.
The average temperature for Bodega Bay that day should be 74 degrees F with a 14 % chance of rain.
What is the humidity expected to be?
The humidity should be around 16 percent.
OK, what about the weather for Paris on the 11th of this month?
The average temp in Paris that day should be 93 degrees F with a 24 % chance of rain.
Sure, that sounds right. I'd like to find a house to stay there.
I found a nice house for you at 1 Place de la Sorbonne, 75005 with a 4.5 rating.
Did this place have a contact number and does it have laundry service?
Their number is +33 1 46 34 14 80 and they do have laundry service.
This house sounds great. I'd like to book a house for one checking in next Thursday.
On which day were you planning to check out?
I'd like to check out on 13th of March.
Please confirm location of Paris for 1 person checking in March 7th and checking out March 13th.
Yes, that sounds good.
Your reservation has been confirmed.
Thank you for your assistance.
Did you need help with anything else?
No, but thank you again.
It has been my pleasure. Goodbye.
I would like information on the weather
In which city?
I need information about Atlanta, GA
Average temperature: 86 degrees Fahrenheit. Chance of rain: 28 percent
Ok, good. I need a house with laundry service, a house with rating 2.8 or higer to stay there
I found a house at 101 Andrew Young International Boulevard Northwest with rating 2.8
Can you tell me the phone number?
Sure! +1 404-524-5555
This house is fine for me.
Do you want to book this house?
Yes, I want, thanks!
Is the arrival date March 1st?
Yes, It is.
How long will you stay in the house?
Until this Sunday
For how many people?
For two people
A house for 2 people in Atlanta, from March 1st to March 3rd. Do you confirm?
No, I need for 1 people, until 5th of March
A house for 1 people until March 5th. Is it correct?
Yes, now It is correct
Your house is booked!
Thanks for helping, It's all
Have a good day
I'd like to check the weather.
Sure thing. In which city would you like to check the weather?
Tell me the weather in Atlanta, GA.
Okay. The average temperature for the day is 86 degrees Fahrenheit with a 28 percent chance of rain.
Okay, that's not bad. Can you help me find a house to stay in out there?
No problem. I found 10 houses that match your search. How about 101 Andrew Young International Boulevard Northwest. It's a really nice house rated at 4.3 stars.
That house sounds great to me! Go ahead and book it for me. I need to check in 1 person for today and I'd like to check out on the 5th of this month.
Okay. Please confirm the following for me: Book a stay for 1 person at a house located in Atlanta from March 1st until March 5th. Correct?
No, I need rooms for three people and i'm checking out on the 4th of March.
Okay sorry about that. Please confirm the following: There are 3 people in your group and you will be checking out on March 4th. Correct?
Yes, that's right.
Okay, your reservation is a success.
Alright, thanks for your help. That's all I need.
It was my pleasure. Have a great day!
Get me the weather for March 12th.
For what city?
For SD.
The weather shows an average temperature of 90 degrees Fahrenheit with a 10 percent chance of rain.
Okay, can you find me a house in SD? I need something for 2 people with a rating of 4.1 or higher.
There is a nice house at 1003 Coast Boulevard, La Jolla, California 92037, United States. It has a rating of 4.1.
This house sounds great.
Do you want to book a reservation?
Yes. I want to check in on the 6th of this month and check out on the 13th of this month.
Please confirm that you are booking a house for 2 people in San Diego. You will be checking in on March 6th and checking out on March 13th. Is this correct?
No, change that check in date to the 8th.
Confirming that you will be checking into the house in San Diego on March 8th?
Yes, great. Can you give me the total? Also, get me the phone number.
Your total will be $2,200. The phone number you requested is +1 855-287-2682. Your reservation is successful.
Thanks. That's all for now.
My pleasure. Goodbye.
Please check the weather on March 2nd at Pinole
There is a 14 % rain chance and the temperature will be 74 degrees
ok, how about on March 4th in SD
There is a 7 % rain chance and the temperature will be 75 degrees
ok, find me a house there to stay
There is a 4.6 rated property at 1003 Coast Boulevard, La Jolla, California 92037, United states
sounds great
Should i reserve it for you?
Yes please, book it for 3 people with checkin on Sunday this week and we will leave on Friday next week
Please confirm: Booking a house in San Diego for 3 people with checkin on March 3rd and checkout on March 8th
That is right
Your booking is done
thanks, thats all
Have a good day! bye
I would like the forecast in Kuala Lumpur for March 12th please.
It will be around 98 degrees Fahrenheit with a 4 percent possibility of precipitation that day.
All right. Can you help me locate a place to stay?
I found a house located at 1, Jalan 2/142a, Taman Len Seng, 56000 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan with a 3.8 rating.
Great. Can I book that please with a check in next Friday?
And when would you like to check out?
That will be on the 14th.
For how many guests?
Just one please.
Confirminf a March 8th check in in Kuala Lumpur for 1 guest, checking out on March 14th.
Actually let's change the check in to March 11th.
Please confirm your check in date of March 11th and your check out date of March 14th.
That's fine, thanks. What's the price please?
It's $378 total and the reservation was successful.
Great, I'm all set.
Thank you so much.
What will the weather be on the next Monday in Vancouver?
It will be 58 degrees with a 49 percent chance of precipitation.
What is the humidity and wind speed?
Humidity will be 54 per cent and the wind will gust at 8 miles per hour.
I see. Find me a house to stay in there.
Search revealed 10 results for you. 1018 Granville Street has a 4.2 rating.
What else do you have?
1025 Granville Street has a 3.9 rating.
That works for me.
Shall I reserve a room for you?
Yes, reserve a room for me.
How many people will there be? Will you be arriving March 4th and what date are you departing the house?
There is one person that is arriving March 4th and leaving next Thursday.
You want a room for 1 person in Vancouver from March 4th to March 7th. Is that right?
No, change that to 4 people.
There will be a total of 4 people checking in on March 4th. Is that right?
No, check in is on the 3rd of March and the departure date is the 10th of March.
You want to arrive March 3rd and depart March 10th. Is that right?
Yes, that is right.
Your order is complete.
Thanks a lot. That is all for now.
I'm glad to help. Bye for now.
I want to check the weather condition for the date 3rd of March. Can you help me to check the same.
In which Area, I have to check the weather condition on that day.
Check it in Paris.
please note that the average temperature level will be 93 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 6 % for rain fall there on that day.
What about Humidity and Wind Speed level there on that day?
Humidity is around 18 % and the wind speed will be 4 miles per hour in average.
Thanks for that information on weather. Now, I have a plan to stay there for a while for which I need your help to find a house with 4.3 or higher rating also with laundry Service. Do you search for the one as per my request?
I have searched and found a nice house at 1 Place de la Sorbonne, 75005 with rating 4.3? What about your suggestion on this house?
Do you have any different houses in your list?
Yes, another one at 1 Rue de Libourne, 75012 with rating 4.3. What do you think on this house, whether this will work or not?
I need some time to decide and please get the contact number of this place for my reference.
It is +33 1 44 67 34 00.
Do you have some other houses?
How about a house at 10 Rue De Passy, 75016 with rating 4.3?
That sounds good. Thanks.
How can I help you further?
Please make a booking of this house for 1 person.
What is the check-out date?
It is March 10th.
Shall I go with the check-in date as March 3rd?
Yes book it from that date.
Please confirm to book a House for 1 person in Paris from March 3rd to March 10th.
That is correct, please go ahead.
I have booked the house successfully.
Thank you and that's all for now.
Have a good day.
Tell me what the weather will be on the March 1st.
What city do you want to know the weather in?
I want to know the weather in the District of Columbia.
The temperature will be 75 degrees with a 13 percent chance of precipitation.
What is the humidity level?
Humidity will hover around 36 percent.
I see. I need a house for 2 people with a rating of 4.0 near there.
Search revealed 10 results. I found a house at 1 Washington Circle Northwest, Washington, District of Columbia 20037, United States that has a 4.0 rating.
What is their phone number?
You can reach them at +1 202-872-1680.
That works for me.
Shall I reserve the house for you?
Yes, reserve the house for me.
Are you arriving there on March 1st?
Yes, I will be arriving then.
What date are you departing the rented house?
I will departing the rented house on the 4th of this month.
You want a house for 2 people in Washington D.C. from March 1st to March 4th. Is that right?
Yes, that is right. What is the final cost and do they offer laundry service?
Your house has been booked. They do have laundry service and the final price is $900.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need something more?
No, that is all. Thanks.
It was great helping you. Bye for now.
What's the weather going to be like Delhi on March 12th?
It'll be around 96 degrees Fahrenheit with a 2 percent chance of rain.
Is it going to be windy or humid?
Wind speeds will be around only 1 mile per hour, and the humidity is going to be about 15 percent.
Got it. I'd like to find a house there that has laundry service.
I found a nice house at 12, Doctor APJ Abdul Kalam Road, New Delhi that has a rating of 4.5 stars.
Is anything else available? Only 1 person will be living there.
I found another house at 12, Mangalam Place, Sector 3, Rohini, New Delhi. This one has a rating of 4.3 stars.
Okay, that one sounds great! I'd like to book it from the 5th to March 12th.
Okay, so just to confirm: you'd like to book this house in Delhi for 1 person from March 5th to March 12th. Is that right?
Right. What's their phone number? And what will the price be?
Your reservation has been confirmed! Their phone number is +91 11 4340 0000. It is going to cost $1,680.
Great, thank you! That's all I needed.
Enjoy your stay!
what's the weather gonna be like in sydney on march 5th?
the temperature should be 96 degrees with a 5 percent chance of rain.
how humid and windy will it be?
the humidity will be around 21 percent and the wind should be 11 miles per hour.
okay, can you find me a place to stay there for 4 people with laundry service?
i found a house with a 4.1 rating over on 1 columbia court, baulkham hills new south wales 2153, australia.
is there anything else?
there's another house that got rated a 3.6 over on 1 hosking place.
what's their number?
the number is +61 1300 633 462.
that'll work. can you book for the 1st of march until march 5th?
you want me to book a room for 4 in sydney from march 1st to march 5th?
yes
it's been booked.
thanks.
is there anything else?
no that's it, thank you.
you're welcome, bye.
What is the weather forecast for New York on the March 6th?
The average temperature is forecasted to be 64 degrees with a 26 percent chance of rain that day.
OK. I need to find a house there.
I found a house at 100 Greenwich Street that is rated 4.4.
Do they offer laundry service there?
Yes, laundry service is available.
Sounds good.
Would you like me to reserve the house for you?
Yes, please make a reservation.
Do you plan on checking in on March 6th? Also, please let me know when you will be checking out.
I will check in next Tuesday and leave on the 12th of this month.
How many people will be staying at the house?
Two of us will stay there.
You would like to reserve a house for 2 people in New York from March 5th to March 12th, is that correct?
Yes. How mnuch will it cost in total?
Your reservation has been confirmed and the total cost is $2,604.
Can you give me their phone number?
Sure, their contact number is +1 917-409-0800.
Thanks. I'm done for now.
Happy to help! Have a great day.
Can you check the weather for me?
Which city do you want me to check for?
I would like to know the weather in Paris.
The expected average temperature will be 77 degree Fahrenheit with 26 percent chance of rain.
Okay. Can you help me in finding a house there to stay?
I found a nice house located at 1 Place de la Sorbonne, 75005 with 4.5 ratings.
Can you look for any other house?
I found a nice house located at 1 Rue Daunou, 75002 with 4.2 ratings.
Can you look for any other house?
I found a nice house located at 1 Rue de Libourne, 75012 with 4.4 ratings.
Can you check whether they have laundry service?
Yes, They have laundry service.
Okay. This house sounds great to me.
Do you want me to make a reservation for this house?
Yes, Please reserve the house for one people with the check in date as later today and check out date as March 3rd.
Please confirm: You want me to reserve a house for 1 people in Paris with the check in date as March 1st and check out date as March 3rd.
Yes, That is correct. Can you tell me the total price and their contact number?
The total price is $720 and the contact number is +33 1 44 67 34 00.
That will be all. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day. Bye!
I'd like to check the weather for March 5th.
In which city should I check the weather in on that date?
Check Seattle, please.
The average temperature in Seattle on that day will be 61 degrees with a 18 percent chance of rain.
How windy do you think it'll be?
Wind speed is at an average of 15 miles per hour.
Great. I'd like to find a house to stay in with laundry service.
I was able to locate 10 houses for you. One of which is located at 1000 1st Avenue with a rating of 4.5.
What is their contact number?
The number is +1 206-957-1000.
Sound great. I'd like to reserve the house, please.
Would you like to check-in on March 5th? And which day would you like to check-out?
I'd like to check-in on the 4th and check-out on the 6th of March, please.
How many people will be with you?
There will be 3 people with me, and we'd like to check-out on March 11th.
To confirm: You'd like to check-in on March 4th with 3 people in Seattle and check-out on March 11th, correct?
Yes, that is correct.
You reservation has been confirmed.
Thank you so much for all of your help.
Is there anything else you'd like me to help you with?
No, that'll be all. Thank you.
My pleasure. Enjoy your day.
I need to check the Vancouver weather on the 5th of March please.
The average temperature is 62 and there will be a 56 percent chance of rain.
Okay, thanks. I need to find a house to stay in.
There are 10 available. The first is located at 1018 Granville Street and is rated 4.2.
Can you get me a contact number for that house please?
Their number is +1 877-972-6378.
The house is perfect.
Would you like me to reserve it for you?
Yes please, for one person. I need to check in today.
Which day will you be checking out?
On the 7th.
Okay you need the house for 1 from March 1st through March 7th in Vancouver, correct?
Yes that is correct.
Your reservation has been made.
Thank you for your assistance.
Can I help with anything else?
No that will be all thanks.
My pleasure, have a fabulous day.
I want to check the weather condition particularly on March 7th. Can you check it for me?
Yes, I can. Is there any particular City in your mind to search for the weather condition?
Yes, check it in Nairobi, Kenya.
Temperature level will be 86 degrees Fahrenheit in average and there will be 8 % chances for rain fall on that day.
What about humidity?
It will be around 23 %.
Thanks for all the information. Now I want to book a house there to stay for a while and it is for 3 people. In need one with laundry service and the rating should be 4.4.
Found 10 results. How about an house at 14 Riverside Westlands and their rating is 4.4?
Sounds nice. Book it for me.
Do you want to book the house from the date March 7th? and what is your Check-out date?
Book it from this Sunday to the 10th.
I need your confirmation to book a house in Nairobi for 3 people from March 3rd to March 10th.
Please change the booking from March 4th to March 11th.
Need your final confirmation to book the house from March 4th to March 11th.
confirmed. Please continue. What is the total cost and their contact number?
Their contact number is +254 787 657000 and t he total price is $3,640. Your booking of house was confirmed.
Thank you for your help
Anything else you need?
No, thanks and that's all.
Have a nice day.
I'd like check the weather for 14th of this month.
In what city?
Portland, make it for the March 3rd.
The temperature should average 70 degrees with a 22 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy?
Wind speed should average 5 miles per hour.
What about the humidity?
Around 10 percent.
Good. I'd like to find a house to stay in there.
There are 10 houses available for your search. 1000 Northeast Multnomah Street is nice. It has a 4.2 rating.
What is the phone number?
+1 503-281-6111.
Sounds great. I'd like to reserve it.
How many in your group? What day would you want to check out>
It's just for one. I'd like to check out March 8th.
And is the check in date March 3rd?
That is correct.
To confirm: You would like to rent the house in Portland for 1 person from March 3rd through March 8th.
Yes, that's right.
I have confirmed your reservation.
Does it have laundry service? What will be the total price?
It does have laundry service. The cost will be $1,740.
Thank you. That's all I need.
My pleasure. Have a good day.
Verify weather conditions for Long Beach, CA on the March 2nd.
Sure, average temperature will be around 77 degrees that day. Be advised there will be a 15 percent chance of rain.
Alright, let's search for houses for rent in the area.
I found a house available with a 4.0 rating located at 1133 Atlantic Avenue.
Find the telephone number for me. Also inquire if there is a laundry service available.
Great news, this place has a laundry service. The telephone number there is +1 562-590-8858.
Are there more options? I would prefer houses with a rating of 4.5 or higher.
I located one with a 4.5 rating located at 285 Bay Street.
Give me more options please.
3771 North Lakewood Boulevard has a 4.5 rating.
This sounds great!
Awesome, would you like to reserve this house?
Yeah, let's book it.
Would you like to check in on March 2nd? How many people will be checking in with you? Do you know how long you would like to stay for?
Just 2 people in my group! Let's check in on March 1st and stay until next Friday.
Alright, just confirm a reservation being made in Long Beach for 2 people. Check in will be March 1st and check out on March 8th. Is this correct?
Yes, that's right. I will require a telephone number and find out if there is a laundry service available.
Great news, I was a able to successfully create your reservation. The telephone number is +1 562-425-0010. There is a laundry service available.
Thank you, that will be all.
Ok, It was my pleasure to help. Have a wonderful day.
What is the weather on March 10th in Gilroy
The average temperature is 72 degrees Fahrenheit and 18 percent chance of rain
What about the wind and humidity?
The average wind speed is 1 miles per hour and humidity around 28 percent
What about in London, England?
the average temperature is 92 degrees Fahrenheit and 6 percent chance of rain
What about Saturday this week
the average temperature is 80 degrees Fahrenheit and 18 percent chance of rain
Okay. Now find me an house to stay there
I found 10 houses. How about 1 Addington Street and it's rating is 4.3
Is there any other houses?
How about 1 Baffin Way and it's rating is 4.1
That's perfect
Do you want to reserve that
Yes please reserve the house
Do you check in on March 2nd? When do you want to check-out?
No I want to check in today and check-out on next Monday
What is the number of people in your group
I want for 2 people
Please confirm this: The location is London. There are 2 people in your group. The check-in date is March 1st and check-out on March 4th
No please book for 1 person and check in on 2nd of March 2019
Please confirm this: There are 1 people and check in date is on March 2nd
That's perfect.What is the total cost?
Reservation successful. The cost is $528
Thank you so much. That's all for now
You are welcome.
Could you tell me the weather in Paris please?
Today's average temperature in Paris is 77 degrees Fahrenheit and the chance of rain is 26 percent.
What's the humidity and how windy will it get?
It is 32 percent humidity with a wind speed averaging 7 miles per hour.
Thank you. Could you help me find a place to stay with a 4.2 rating or above?
I have 10 options for you. A nice possibility is 1 Place de la Sorbonne, 75005, which is rated 4.2.
Okay, I'd like to reserve that please for one person.
Is that for a March 1st check in? And when would you like to check out?
Yes, March 1st check in and check out on the 8th please.
Confirming a check in for 1 person on March 1st in Paris with a March 8th check out.
I think I should change that to 2 people and let me move it to next Thursday please.
Confirming 2 guests for a March 7th check out.
That sounds perfect.
The booking is complete.
Thank you so much, I am all set.
Have a great day, thank you.
Get the current weather please.
I would love to. Which city should I check?
New Delhi please.
Sure thing, Average daily temperature in New Delhi is 99 degrees. Please be advised there is a 4 percent chance of rain.
Find out wind factor.
you should expect about 8 miles per hour.
Alright, What about on the March 11th.
Average temperature is 103 degrees. There is a 7 percent chance of rain.
Locate a house for rent for me there.
Sure thing, I found one available at 12, Doctor APJ Abdul Kalam Road, new Delhi. This unit has a rating of 4.5.
This house sounds wonderful.
Can I assist you with anything else?
Of course, I would like to book this rental. I would have a check out on March 13th.
Would your check in date be March 11th? How many people will be with your group?
Just for two people. check in would be on the 9th.
Could I have you confirm you would like to book a reservation for 2 on March 9th through March 13th in Delhi. Is this correct?
Yeah, go ahead. this is great. Please get me the number for this place and what would the total for my stay be?
Great news, I was able to successfully complete your reservation. the phone number is +91 11 3955 5000. The total would be $1,120.
Thanks,that will be all for now.
My pleasure. Enjoy your day.
I want to verify the weather condition on the 5th.
In which city do you need to check the weather?
Weather at Vancouver, BC on March 8th.
The average temperature is 64 degree Fahrenheit. 24 percentage of possibility of rain.
What is the humid is expected? How windy it is?
The average wind speed is 9 miles per hour and the humidity is around 8 percent.
Thank you. I wish to search for a house to stay there for two persons. The required rating is 4.0 or higher. I need the laundry service there.
I searched and found 10 houses. The one great house is situated at 1100 Granville Street with the rating 4.0
What is their contact phone number?
The contact number is +1 604-669-7070
Whether do you have some other houses?
The one great house is situated at 111 Robson Street Street with the rating 4.0
It is a great house.
Shall I make a booking for this house?
yes.I am interested in booking a house.
When will you check out?
I wish to check our on 8th of March 2019.
Are you willing to check in on March 8th?
I wish to check in on 5th of March 2019.
Kindly ensure that, on March 5th, room is booked at Vancouver for 2 persons are in your group and in your check out date is March 8th.
Yes. It will be good. What is the total cost and shall I have their contact number?
Your booking is successful. The total cost is $1,575 and the contact number is +1 604-602-1008
Thank you so much for your help.
Shall I do anything else for you?
Nope. Thank you so much for your help.
It's my pleasure to help you. Take care. bye.
I would like to know what's the weather like
Where do you want me to look?
The city is Phoenix
The temperature is 89 degrees Fahrenheit and the chance of rain is 15 percent
Got it. Now I need you to do something else for me, I need you to look for a house over there
You have 10 options, one of them is a lovely house situated at 10 east thomas road, it has been rated 4.6
Tell me about the other options, look for 4.4 rating or even higher
Antoher option is a house located at 132 south central avenue, the rating is 4.4 as you asked.
Look again for a different options.
I've found this place at 15620 north clubgate drive, scottsdale arizona 85254, united states. They rated it 4.4
It must be a really awesome house
I can book a visit for you if you want it.
Yes, that would be great.
Is March 1st a good day for you?
Yes, the visit is for one person only.
Do you know the check out date?
Yes, it's tuesday next week
Confirm me the acquired data. You want to book a visit for 1 person to see a house in Phoenix. You will check in on March 1st and check out on March 5th
Yes, that's what I wish to do. One last thing, can you tell me the price for it and if laundry service is available?
Your visit has been scheduled. I can confirm you that the place has laundry service and the price is $736
That's all for now, bye bye
It has been an honor to help you, enjoy the rest of your day
I want to check the weather condition in particular area like San Rafael. Can you check it for me?
The average temperature level will be 80 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 2 % for rain fall there on that day.
Also check the Weather condition in Nairobi, Kenya on Saturday this week.
please note that the average temperature level will be 86 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 6 % for rain fall there on that day.
What about the Humidity level in that area on that day?
The Humidity is around 20 %.
What will be the Wind speed on that day.
The average wind speed will be around 2 miles per hour.
Thanks for this information. I have a plan to stay there for a short period and I need to book a house for me. Can you search for comfortable one.
Found 10 results and the one is located at 14 Riverside Westlands with rating 4.5. Hope this house is convenient to you.
Do they have laundry service in their place? check it for me.
Yes, they have Laundry services are per your requirement. Shall I book this house
Before that please get me the contact number for my reference. Check the same.
The contact number is +254 787 657000. Any more information you need about this house?
That's enough and I want to book this house for one person for the check-out date on Thursday next week.
Shall I go with the check-in date as March 2nd?
No, please book this house from later today.
Need your confirmation to book a house at Nairobi for 1 person from March 1st to March 7th.
That is great help and thanks for the same.
Your booking of house was confirmed successfully.
That's all for now. thanks.
Have a nice day.
Whats the weather like in London, UK
The temperature is expected to be 81 degrees with a 23 percent chance of rain
What about wind and humidity?
Wind speed is expected at 10 miles per hour with 35 percent humidity
Find me a house to stay there.
I have a 4.3 rated house at 1 addington street
That sounds great
Should I book the house for you?
Yes please. The check in is on 1st of march
What is the check out date and number of people?
Just one, checking out on 2nd of march
Booking the house in london for 1. Check in on march 1st and checking out on march 2nd
Yes, sounds perfect.
Booking is confirmed
Thanks a lot. That would be all.
Have a great trip!
Can you tell me the weather?
For what city?
I need the weather for San Fran.
The temperature is suppose to be 91 degrees with a 29 percent chance for rain.
How windy and humid will it be?
The wind speeds will get up to 2 miles per hour and th humidity is 49 percent.
Okay. Can you find me a house for one person with a 4.3 or higher rating that provided laundry service in San Fran?
1100 Market Street Hotel Entrance is at, 45 McAllister Street has a 4.3 rating.
What else do you have?
I have a house located at 138 King street that has a 4.3 rating.
What else do you have?
How about 2222 Market street, it has a 4.3 rating.
Yes, please reserve that one.
When would you like to check out?
Can you schedule check out for next Friday?
Did you want me to make your check in date March 1st?
Yes, that is fine.
Okay, so I have you down for a house for 1 person in San Francisco. You will check in March 1st and check out March 8th, correct?
Yes ma'am that is correct.
Great! Your reservation has been completed successfully.
Thank you so much.
Do you need anything else?
No that's it for me.
Enjoy your trip.
Can you help me check the weather in DC as I will be travelling there?
The temperature for the day is 75 degrees Fahrenheit with a 13 percent chance of rain.
Sure, could you help me find a house to stay there please?
There is a nice house located at 1 Washington Circle Northwest, Washington, District of Columbia 20037, United States with a 4.3 rating.
Any alternatives? I would prefer a 4.4 rating and above and the reservation is for one person.
Sure, there are 9 available houses, one of which is 1201 K Street Northwest, Washington, District of Columbia 20005, United States with a 4.4 rating.
That sounds great! Does this place have laundry service and how do I contact them?
You can contact them at +1 202-289-7600, and unfortunately, this place do not provide laundry services.
I see, could you find one with such a service and a rating of 4.5 or higher then?
Sure, there are 8 houses available, one of which is 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue Northwest, Washington, District of Columbia 20004, United States with a 4.5 rating.
This is perfect for me.
Any further assistance?
Could you also help me book this house?
Sure, will you be checking in on March 1st and when will you be checking out?
I will be checking in on March 1st and checking out on March 2nd.
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 1 for the house at Washington D.C. from March 1st to March 2nd.
May I know the total cost and their contact number? This reservation is fine with me.
Your reservation has been made. You can call them at +1 800-228-9290 and this will set you back at $384.
Sure, that is all the help I need.
No worries, enjoy your stay!
Can you check the weather.
For which city?
Please check Delhi.
The average temperature will be 99 degrees Fahrenheit with a 4 percent chance of rain.
Okay. Can you find me a house nearby?
12, Doctor APJ Abdul Kalam Road, New Delhi is a nice home with a 4.5 rating.
Are there other options?
12, Mangalam Place, Sector 3, Rohini, New Delhi has a 4.3 rating.
Sounds great. I would like to book it.
How many people are in your party? Will you be checking in on March 1st and when will you check out?
Please check on March 5th for 3 people.
Please confirm you want me to book for 3 people in Delhi on March 1st through March 5th.
Okay. That works.
Your reservation was a success.
Thanks. That's all for now.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
Could you please check the weather forecast in Toronto, Ontario.
There is a 13 % chance of rain and the average temp will be 58 degrees fahrenheit.
Will it be windy or humid?
about 25 % humidity and the ave wind speed will be 9 mph.
right fine. Now I want to find a house there.
There is a good on at 108 Chestnut Street with at 4.2 rating.
Any other options, needs to be at least 3.8.
There is one with a 3.8 rating at 111 Lombard Street.
Does it have a laundry service?
Yes it does.
This house is fab.
Would you like to book it?
Yes I would like to book this house?
Which day are you checking out?
I want to check in later today and check out on Tuesday next week.
How many people will be staying with you?
three in total.
To confirm then that is a booking for 3 people in Toronto from March 1st to March 5th.
Yes that is perfect. How much is it in total?
Your booking is confirmed and all in it costs $1,344.
Thanks so much.
Anything else you need?
No thank you.
You are very welcome. Goodbye.
Will you be my weather checker, please?
Sure, what city's weather do you want to know about?
New York City is where it's at!
Okay. The weather is forecasted as 37 percent rain and 66 degrees for the temperature average during the day.
Yay, I love that kind of weather. Let's see if I can rent a house there for a few days.
Certainly. Among the 10 options available, I show a house address of 100 Greenwich Street that you may want to consider. The house is scored at 4.4.
Do you have the phone number to that house?
Yes. The number there is +1 917-409-0800.
Okay. Now, what about a house with laundry service. I'm just realizing I'll need that for sure.
All right. Of the 9 available houses, do you think you might like this one, rated 4.2, at the address 100-15 Ditmars Boulevard, East Elmhurst, NY 11369, USA?
Well, you hit a winner there, I believe.
Are you ready to reserve that house?
Indeed, I am. Let's set that up now, please.
I'm on it, and give me your check-out date.
I have to be leaving out of there on March 6th.
Are you planning to check in on March 1st, and what's the number of guests?
That date works fine and reserve the house for just me, 1 person, please.
Got it. Do you want to confirm a reservation for 1 person at the home in New York, checking in on March 1st and checking out on March 6th?
Correct-O. Let's set it up.
Your reservation for the house rental is confirmed.
Very good. Now give me the phone number there and the amount I have to pay, please.
The listed phone humber is +1 718-512-0248, and your rental total is $750.
Your efficiency is so appreciated.
Would you like any other assistance?
That's all for now. Can't thank you enough.
No worries. Take care.
I need to check the weather.
What city should i check?
San fran.
it looks like it'll be 91 degrees with a 29 % chance of rain.
Okay, thanks.
Do you need anything else?
I need to find a house there for three people with at least a 4.2 rating.
I found one with a 4.2 rating at 1100 market street hotel entrance is at 45 mcallister street.
That's great.
Would you like a reservation?
Yes please.
What day are you checking out, and would you like to check in at march 1st?
Yes. I'd like to check out next thursday.
Please confirm: You want a house for 3 in san francisco from march 1st to march 7th.
Yes, exactly. What's the price and their contact number?
The price is $2,448, and the number is +1 415-735-7777
Thank you for the help
My pleasure, have a great day!.
What the weather like in Philadelphia, on March 1st?
81 degrees is the average. You have only an 8 percent chance of rain.
Will my new hairdo survive the conditions.
Well, the wind will be blowing at only 4 mph.
But humidity affect this do too.
That will come in at 23 percent.
Well, get me a house to stay in there first.
I suggest 1 logan Square. It has a 4.4 rating.
What else do you have?
100 North Christopher Columbus Boulevard. 4.1 rating.
What is the number there. Do they do laundry for you?
+1 215-627-7900. No laundry service.
Well then find something else.
1001 Intrepid Avenue. A 4.5.
This is a hell of a crib.
Should I book it?
Yes. From March 1st 2019 to the 5th. Just for me, 1 person.
OK. 1 person for the Philadelphia house from March 1st until March 5th. Correct?
Yes, thats right.
You got yourself a pad.
They have laundry service right?
That is right.
And how many bucks is this? Also, get me the digits.
$372. +1 215-644-9200.
Thanks a lot.
You're welcome. I'm ready to go again.
Rest up. I'm set.
Will do. Thanks.
My trip is coming up soon. Can you check the weather for me in Portland, OR?
Sure - looks like the average will be 75 degrees Fahrenheit with a 9 percent chance of rain.
That's pretty good. Can you look up houses to stay around there also?
Sure - I found 10 available in the area currently. There's one at 1000 Northeast Multnomah Street with a 4.2 rating. How about that?
What else is there? I forgot to mention it needs to have laundry service and a 4.0 rating or higher.
I also found a place at 1150 Northwest 9th Avenue, which has a 4.0 rating.
What's the number for that place?
Their number is +1 503-220-1339.
What are some other houses you found?
There's also a nice looking one at 11550 Northeast Airport Way with a 4.0 rating.
That one sounds perfect, actually.
Ok, do you want to make a reservation?
Yes, please do.
Are you checking in on March 1st? And when are you checking out?
Yeah, we'll be checking in March 1st and leaving on March 8th. Also, make it for 2 people.
Ok. Just to confirm, you want to reserve this house in Portland for 2 people from March 1st to March 8th. Is that right?
Yes, that's perfect.
Ok, your reservation went through.
Great, thank you!
Anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all. Thanks.
No problem. Have a good day.
Can you tell how the weather is going to be on the March 2nd in Fresno, CA?
The temperature wll reach 85 degrees with a 13 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy is it going to be?
The wind speeds will reach 11 miles per hour with the humidity level at 25 percent.
Okay, now I need you to find me a house there to stay.
How about 1055 Van Ness Avenue. It has a 3.8 approval rating.
What is the phone number?
The number that is listed is +1 559-233-6650..
Do they provide laundry services?
Yes they do.
Okay, this house will be good.
You want me to reserve this house for you?
Yes please and thank you.
When would you need to check out?
I will be leaving Thursday next week.
Did you want to check in March 2nd? Would this reservation be just for you?
Yes the reservation is just for one and I need to check in March 1st.
okay, that would be a room for 1 in Fresno. You will check in March 1st and check out March 7th, right?
No, I am sorry can you change the check in day back to the 2nd of March 2019 and it will be for four people.
Okay, you want this reservation for 4 people to check in on MArch 2nd?
Yes, that is correct.
Great you are all confirmed.
Thank you so much for all of your help.
The pleasure was all mine.
Can you check weather for the March 12th?
What city do you want?
The city is Portland, OR.
The temp is 72 degrees and 16 percent chance of rain.
How windy and how humid?
The wind is 11 miles per hour and the humidity is 30 %.
I want a house there for two.
I have one at 1000 Northeast Multnomah Street rated 4.2
Do you have others?
I have a 4.5 at 1150 Northwest 9th Avenue.
I like that one.
Do you want to reserve?
Yes, check in is March 6th and check out is March 13th.
Confirm location in Portland for 2 for March 6th and check out is March 13th.
Yes and does it have laundry service?
You are confirmed and it does have laundry.
What is the phone?
The phone is +1 503-220-1339.
That is all I need.
Thanks for using our service.
I want to know how the weather will be on the 8th in Nairobi.
From what I can see the weather in Nairobi for your requested date should be 100 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 2 percent chance of raining.
Alright, fine. Though I will need a place to sleep, so find me a house there. I need the house for three people, and I also need to have landry service. Keep in mind that the house I am looking for should have a rating of 4.4.
From the results I can see that there is a good house at 14 Riverside Westlands with a 4.4 rating.
This house seems as what I want. I would like to book this house.
Can you tell me the day when you will leave, and can you confirm that you will go there on March 8th?
I would like to go there on Wednesday next week, and I will be leaving on the 11th.
Can you please confirm that you want a house for 3 people in Nairobi, and that you will go there on March 6th, and you will leave the house on March 11th?
That's right. Can you please give me their phone number? Please tell me how much it will cost me.
Your request for a booking of the house has been been made. If you want to call them you can at +254 787 657000, and it will cost you $1,650.
I appreciate your help. That would be all.
I take joy in helping you. Good bye.
What are the weather conditions in SD on 7th of March?
The temp will be about 90 degrees and there's only a 17 % chance of rain.
What do you think the humidity will be there?
It'll be normal, around 36 percent.
Great weather right? Get me a house to stay in there. Only for one.
You have 10 options. One of the best is 1003 Coast Boulevard, La Jolla, California 92037, United States. Their rating is 4.6.
Wow, so cool.
What will you need next?
Let's book a house.
Which date do you want to check out? What about March 7th?
Fine, I want that until the 10th of March.
To confirm, 1 checking in on March 7th, leaving on March 10th in San Diego?
Yes, I think that's cool.
You're reservation is set.
What will my total bill be? What is the contact number, so I have it for my records?
Your total will be $552 and the phone to contact is +1 855-287-2682.
Perfectly marvelous, thanks.
Will you need more help today?
No, I'm good thanks.
I live to serve you, and only that.
What's the weather like in London?
The average temperature today is 81 degrees Fahrenheit with a 23 percent chance of rain
Will it be humid?
Today's humidity is about 35 percent
Will it be windy?
The forecast is for an average wind speed of 10 miles per house
Ok good. Find me a house to stay there
I found 10 houses for you. The one at 1 Addington Street looks nice, with a 4.3 rating
Anything else available?
There's a good one at 1 Baffin Way with a 4.1 rating
Ok. Book that one please
You'll check in on March 1st? Checking out when?
Yes, arriving on the 1st and checking out on the 4th
And for how many people?
Just one person
Please confirm: a stay for 1 person in London, arriving March 1st and departing March 4th
Yes that's right
I've confirmed your reservation
Thanks so much
Anything else I can do to help?
Nope. That's all thanks
Always happy to help. Take care.
Please check the weather in New York.
Todays average temperature is 66 degrees faranheit and there is 37 percent chance of rain.
What is the expected humidity and will it be windy?
Winds average 12 miles per hour and there is 41 percent humidity.
Okay. Now I would like to find a house there that offers laundry service.
I found 10 houses. One house, with a 4.4 rating and located at 100 greenwich Street seems nice.
Please provide with the contact number.
Their phone number is +1 917-409-0800.
What a great house!
Do you need further help?
I would like to reserve this house.
Will you be arriving March 1st. What day are leaving and how many in your party?
Yes, there will be two people and we will be leaving on March 6th.
Please confirm there will be 2 people arriving March 1st and leaving March 6th in New York.
Yes, that is correct.
Your reservation is confirmed.
Thank you for your assistance and that is all I need right now.
It's been my pleasure! Bye!
Could you check the weather forecast for 5th of this month?
Which city's weather forecast would you like?
Santa Clara, on 13th of March.
The expected average temperature is 78 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 3 percent chance of rain.
All right, thanks. What about in Chicago?
The expected average temperature is 65 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 37 percent chance of rain.
How about the wind speed?
The expected average wind speed is 5 miles per hour.
Cool, okay. Please find me a house to stay in over there. It should have a 4.5 or higher rating, and offer laundry service.
I found one nice house with 4.5 rating, located at 1 West Wacker Drive.
I love the house and would like to reserve it for 1 person, checking in on March 12th.
When would you like to check out?
I'd like to check out on 14th of this month.
Let me see if I got everything correctly: 1 person would like to check into the location in Chicago on March 12th, and check out on March 14th.
No, there's been a change of plans. I'd like to check in on March 10th, then check out on 13th of March 2019.
Let me see if I got everything correctly: You'll be checking on March 10th and checking out on March 13th.
That's correct. May I have this place's phone number?
I have successfully made your reservation. Their contact number is +1 800-468-3571.
Thanks a lot for your help.
Would you like my help with anything else?
No. Thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
Glad I could be of help. Bye.
What is the weather in NYC on March 9th.
The average temperature is 70 degrees and there is a 38 percent chance of rain.
Okay. I want to find a house for 1 person with laundry service and the rating should be 3.7 or more.
There is a house at 100 Greenwich Street with a rating of 3.7.
That sounds good.
Would you like to book it?
Yes, I would.
Will you be arriving on March 9th?
No, make it the 7th of this month.
When will you be checking out?
I will leave on the 13th.
Please confirm the reservation in New York for 1 person from March 7th until March 13th.
Yes, that's perfect.
The reservation is confirmed.
What is the total proce and phone number?
The total is $2,250 and the number is +1 917-409-0800.
Thanks a lot.
Can I do anything else for you?
No, I am good.
have a nice day.
Tell me what the weather is right now.
What city shall I look in?
Tell me the weather in New York City.
It is 66 degrees with a 37 percent chance of rain.
I see. Find me a house to stay in there.
I found a house at 100 Greenwich Street with a 4.4 rating.
That is perfect. Book the house for 2 people.
What day are you departing
I will be departing next Wednesday.
Are you arriving March 1st?
Yes, I am arriving March 1st.
You want a reservation for 2 people in New York City on March 1st with a departure date of March 6th. Is that right?
That is correct.
Your booking is now complete.
How much does this cost?
The total bill is $1,200.
What is their phone number and do they offer laundry service?
You can contact them at +1 917-409-0800 and they do offer laundry service.
Thanks a lot. That is all.
I am proud to serve you. Bye for now.
The last thing I have to do for my wedding is make the honeymoon reservations. Can you tell me what the weather is going to be like on March 5th in Delhi.
As of right now the radar says that it will be 90 degrees Fahrenheit with a 7 percent chance of rain.
Do you know if there will be high winds?
Currently the wind is predicted to be only 4 miles per hour.
What about the humidity?
Currently the expected humidity is 21 percent.
That sounds like the perfect weather. Let's find a house to stay in while we are there.
Of the 10 houses I was able to find for you, the first has a great 4.5 star rating located at 12, Doctor APJ Abdul Kalam Road, New Delhi.
That sounds nice. What is the phone number?
The phone number listed for that house is +91 11 3955 5000.
What else do you have? I want a house that has a rating of 3.9 and up with a laundry service.
I have 9 houses matching that criteria. The first has a 3.9 star rating and is located at 12, Mangalam Place, Sector 3, Rohini, New Delhi.
I will need something else that is big enough for 4 people.
Now there are 8 houses that match your criteris. How about 13A, District Centre, Mayur Vihar, New Delhi with a 3.9 star rating.
That sounds promising. Can I have the phone number for this house?
You can contact someone about this house at +91 11 4110 5555.
I love it, it's perfect.
Should I go ahead and make the reservation for you?
Yes, that is the one I want.
Is the check in date March 5th and when would you like to check out?
I will be staying from Monday next week until March 8th.
Now that I have all of the information I need, let's just make sure it is correct. You are interested in the house in Delhi, for 4 people, checking in on March 4th and Checking out on March 8th.
Yes, that's perfect!
I was successfully able to reserve that for you.
Can you also tell me what the total cost of the stay is?
The total cost for that house comes to $2,800.
Thank you so much, that will be all.
Any time, have a nice time.
Can you tell me the weather?
What city would you like to hear the weather for?
I want to know how the weather will be in Atlanta on the March 10th.
I am showing the temperature will be 88 degrees with a 19 percent chance for rain that day in Atlanta.
Can you tell me how windy and humid it will be there that day?
The wind speed will only be 9 milers per hour and the humidity will be 27 percent.
Okay, now can you help me find a house for one person that is atleast a 4.2 customer rating or higher that provide laundry services.
There is a really nice house located at 101 Andrew Young International Boulevard Northwest that you may like with a 4.2 customer rating.
No on second thought can you find me something with a 4.7 or higher rating?
How about 1414 West Peachtree Street Northwest, it has a 4.7 rating.
What is the phone number?
The number I have is +1 404-685-1677.
That house sounds perfect.
Would you like for me to make your reservation?
Yes, can you schedule it for MArch 9th and I will check out on the 10th of MArch 2019.
Okay you would like a house for 1 person in Atlanta. You will check in March 9th and check out MArch 10th, correct?
Yes that is right, can you tell me how much this is going to cost?
I have successfully completed your reservations and your total charge today was $228.
Cool, thank you.
Did you need anything else?
No that's it, thanks.
You are welcome. Goodbye!
I need weather for Novato on March 5th.
It's going to be about 79 degrees. There is a small chance, 11 %, of rain.
Well, what about the 8th in New Delhi.
The average temp there is usually 98 Degrees for that day and a small 6 percent chance of rain.
Fine, get me a house to stay there.
What about 12, Doctor APJ Abdul Kalam Road, New Delhi. They have a good 4.5 rating.
That's great, thanks.
How about we jump on this and reserve it for you?
Great, please do.
Do you want to check in on March 8th? How many in your group?
Only one, just me. I want to check in March 5th.
When will you leave?
Check out should be 9th of March.
Ok, I have: 1 checking in March 5th, staying until March 9th in Delhi?
Fine, I agree. Get me a contact number there?
Sure, you are set up. Phone them at +91 11 3955 5000.
Thank you so much.
Anything more?
I'm good thanks.
It's been a real treat for me.
Will you check the weather in Chicago?
Average temperature is 73 degrees with 29 percent chance of rain.
Great. Will you find a house to stay there?
1 South Franklin Street with a 4.4 rating.
That's fine.
You want to make a reservation?
Yes. Will you make a reservation for one with check in on March 1st and check out on 8th of March?
Please confirm a reservation for 1 in Chicago with check in March 1st and check out March 8th.
Great. Total price?
I've completed your reservation. Total is $399.
What's their number?
+1 312-558-1020.
Thanks. That's all.
Have a great day.
Tell me what the weather is like on the March 12th.
What city would you like to check the weather in?
I want to check the weather in New Delhi, and it's actually for March 3rd.
The temperature will be 92 degrees Fahrenheit as an average for the day and there will be a 2 percent chance of rain.
Alright, what about the weather in Atlanta, GA?
The temperature will be 76 degrees Fahrenheit as an average for the day and there will be a 9 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell me what the humidity and wind will be like?
Wind will average 9 miles per hour and humidity will be around 27 percent.
Alright. Help me look for a house to stay in around there.
There's a nice house at 101 Andrew Young International Boulevard Northwest with a rating of 4.3.
That sound quite excellent.
Do you want me to book the house?
Absolutely book the house. I'll be checking in on March 3rd 2019 and checking out the 7th of March.
How many people will be staying at the house?
Two people will be staying there.
Please make sure this is correct, you will be checking in on March 3rd, checking out on March 7th in Atlanta for 2 people?
Yeah, that's right. Is there laundry service at the house?
I've booked the house, there is laundry service.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need anything else?
No, thanks again for the help.
The pleasure is mine, take care.
Hey! Please can you tell me what's the present weather condition?
Sure! Give me your zip code or otherwise give me the city name?
Please can you check how the weather is in Toronto.
Here is the details - There is a probability of 13 % rain and the average temperature for the normal day will be 58 degrees Fahrenheit
Thanks for the information. Please can you help me to find an apartment there.
Sure! I've a list of 10 houses and the house located at 108 Chestnut Street is a nice one and its rating is 4.2. Do you like this house?
Do you have any other property?
Ofcourse, there is a house with a slightly lower rating of 3.0 at 111 Carlton Street. Do you wish to see this one.
Seems good to me.
So, do you want me to book a reservation to this house?
Yup! Please reserve it so that I will be able to check in on later today.
How many members will be staying there?
Only one, that's me will be staying there.
Okay! When do you wish to check out?
Sorry, we, three people will stay there and we will check out on March 5th.
Please confirm me that you wish to book a house for 3 people in Toronto and you wish to stay there from March 1st to March 5th. Is that right?
Yup, that's great. What's the total cost for the accommodation?
The total cost for your stay will be $1,632 and your reservation is successfully done.
Thanks a lot for your help.
Do you need anything else to be assisted with?
Nope, thanks a lot for your help.
Welcome. Good Bye.
Check the weather in Phoenix, AZ.
The temp is 89 F and there is a 15 % chance of rain.
Thank for the info.
Is there anything else?
I would like to find a house there with laundry service.
I have a 4.6 rated house at 10 East Thomas Road.
I like that house.
Do you want to reserve?
Yes I want to reserve.
Is March 1st check in ok and how many?
Yes, and I have 4 people.
What is check out?
Check out is the 4th.
Confirm March 1st check in and March 4th check out in Phoenix for 4.
Yes, what is price and number?
You are confirmed. The number is +1 602-222-1111 for $1,305.
Thank for the help.
Is there anything else?
No that is all today.
It was nice doing business.
I will be meeting a friend in Seattle on March 10th, please check the weather for me.
There's a 39 percent chance of rain that day and the average temperature is 69 degrees. I may suggest for you and your friend to bring an umbrella.
Alright, thanks. Please help me to find a house for one person, rating should be 4.4 or higher.
I found 1 house with 4.4 rating that is located at 1000 1st Avenue. Would you like this one?
I think that would be great. I know that place.
Oh, nice, Would you want to make a reservation on this house?
Yes, please. It is also near the place I would be visiting.
Okay, when do you plan to check out?
I will stay there until March 10th 2019.
And you would also check in on March 10th?
No, no. I will be meeting a friend on March 10th but I will be there starting 6th of this month.
Oh, I thought you will just stay for a day. Is this correct? Book a house for 1 person at Seattle on March 6th and check out date is March 10th.
Yes, everything is correct.
Book is confirmed.
Yey! Thank you so much.
You're welcome. Do you need help with anything else?
No,that would be all. Thanks again!
My pleasure to always help you. Goodbye!
I would like to check the weather for March 1st.
What city would you like to check the weahter forecast for?
Check Seattle.
The average temperature for March 1st will be around 74 degrees Fahrenheit with a 32 percent chance of rain.
Okay. I would like to find a house to stay in Seattle.
There is a nice house with a 4.5 star rating at 1000 1st Avenue.
Are there any other houses available?
How about this 3.9 rated one at 1006 Spring Street?
Is laundry service available? Could I get a contact number for this place?
The phone number is +1 206-583-6453. There is no laundry service.
This house sounds fantastic.
Do you want to make a reservation for this house?
Yes, let's book this house.
What day will you check out and how large is your group?
There is one person in my group and I will check out next Thursday.
Do you want to check in on March 1st?
Sounds great, thanks.
Please confirm that you want to stay from March 1st to March 7th in Seattle and that there is 1 person in your group.
That sounds amazing. How much is the price in total?
Your reservation was a success. The price is $1,224 in total.
Thank you for helping.
Do you have anything else I could help out with?
No, that is it. Thank you for helping.
It has been my pleasure. Goodbye.
Can you tell me what the weather is in New York City?
The average temperature should be 66 degrees Fahrenheit with a 37 percent chance of rain.
Sounds good, can you find me a house to stay at?
There is a house with a 4.4 rating located at 100 Greenwich Street you might like.
Does it have laundry service?
Yes, fortunately it does have laundry service.
Can you give me the phone number for them?
Yes, the phone number is +1 917-409-0800.
Are there any other houses with a rating of 3.8 or higher?
Yes, there are 9 houses available. There is one with a 3.8 rating which is located at 100-15 Ditmars Boulevard, East Elmhurst, NY 11369, USA.
Wow, what a great house!
Do you want to reserve it?
Yes, I would like to book it for 2 people on the 5th of this month.
Are you checking in on March 1st?
Yes, that date will work fine!
Please confirm you would like to reserve a house in New York for 2 people checking in on March 1st and checking out on March 5th.
Yes, that's perfect! Can you tell me the total price and if the place has laundry service?
I have made your reservation. The total will be $1,680 and it does have laundry service.
Great! Thank you so much for your help!
Can I do anything else for you?
No thank you, that will be all for now! Thanks for all your help!
It was my pleasure! Bye bye!
Please check weather for March 2nd.
What city do you want?
The city is Toronto.
The temperature is 60 degrees with a 20 percent chance of rain.
I need a house rated 3.7 or higher.
I have a 3.7 at 108 Chestnut Street.
I like that house.
Did you want to reserve?
Yes go ahead and reserve.
Confirm March 2nd check in and how many?
Yes and it is for 4 people.
What is check out date?
Check out is next Friday.
Confirm March 2nd check in and March 8th check out in Toronto for 4.
No there is only 1 person.
Confirm change to 1 for Toronto.
Yes I confirm all.
Your reservation is confirmed.
Do they have Laundry service?
Yes it does have it.
That is all I need.
Thanks for using us and goodbye.
what is the weather
what city are you looking
search in vancouver, bc
it is currently 75 degree with 15 % chance of rain in vancouver, bc
ok can you find me a place to stay
what about 1018 granville street with 4.2 rating
can you give me their number and do they provide laundry service
their number is +1 877-972-6378. they do not have laundry service
the house is perfect
what else can i do for you
please book the house for me check in on 1st of this month and check out on 3rd of this month
how many people in your group
there are three
please confirm your booking for a house for 3 people in vancouver check in on march 1st and check out on march 3rd
yes please. what is the total cost
it will be $690
thanks
what else can i do for you
no that's it
have a nice day
Can you check the weather for me for March 5th.
Sure, for which city?
For London, please.
There's a 28 percent chance of rain with and expected average of around 94 degrees Fahrenheit.
OK. Can you find a house to stay there for me?
There are 10 houses that match your criteria, out of which I'd recommend 1 Addington Street, rated at 4.3.
Do you have their phone number?
Sure. You can reach them at +44 333 400 6116.
Sounds Perfect. Can you please book the house for me to check into this Sunday?
Please tell me the number of persons checking in as well as the check out date.
There will be 3 persons and we will be checking out on March 5th.
Can you please confirm that you want me to book a house for 3 persons for you in London from March 3rd to March 5th?
Yes, that's correct. Can you please tell me the total price?
I've successfully placed your reservation which costs $896.
Do you know if they have laundry service?
Yes, they do provide laundry service.
Perfect. Thanks a lot!
Is there anything else I could do for you?
No, not at the moment. Thanks again.
My pleasure. Have a nice day!
Will you check the weather on March 7th in Portland?
Average temperature is 72 degrees with 32 percent chance of rain.
Great. Will you find a house for 2 with laundry service and 4.5 or higher rating?
1150 Northwest 9th Avenue with rating of 4.5.
Great.
Anything else?
Will you reserve the house?
Want to check in on March 7th and check out when?
March 10th.
Please confirm reservation for 2 in Portland with check in on March 7th and check out on March 10th.
Great.
I've completed your reservation.
Thanks. That's all.
Have a great day.
I want to check the weather for March 11th.
In what city?
Nairobi, Kenya please.
The average temperature for that day is 89 degrees and there is a 3 percent chance of rain.
Alright, and can you find me a house to stay at?
There are 10 houses that are available. One house has a rating of 4.5 and is located on 14 Riverside Westlands.
Yes, book it for me please. It's for 1 person and I want to check in on the 10th.
When are you checking out?
On the 12th.
Please confirm the following: Booking a house for 1 in Nairobi. Check in is March 10th and you will check out on March 12th.
Yes, that's great. What's the number and does have a laundry service?
Your reservation is confirmed! The number is +254 787 657000 and it has laundry service.
Thank you!
May I assist you further?
No, thanks for the help!
Have a wonderful day!
what is the weather in washington on Friday next week
weather on March 8th 2019 is 84 degrees with 4 percent chance of rain
ok, can you find me a house to stay
there are 10 houses. This one is 4.3 rating at 1 washington circle northwest, washington, district of columbia 20037, united states
perfect, please book this house
Are you checking in on March 8th? When are you checking out
I like to check in on 6th of march and check out on 11th of march
how many people are coming with you
there are 2 total
Please confirm your booking for 2 people in your group in washington d.c. checking in on march 6th and check out on march 11th
yes thats perfect
your room is booked
thank you, thats all i need
have a nice day
Can you check the weather in Kuala Lumpur on the March 13th?
The average for the day should be 97 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
Okay can you find me a house to stay there for one person. The rating should be 3.9 or higher.
I have found 10 houses.There is on located at 1, Jalan Pantai Baharu, Jaya Tower 3, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan with a rating of 3.9.
That house looks great.
Would you like me to reserve it?
Yes. I would like to reserve it from the 7th to March 14th.
You would like me to reserve the house in Kuala Lumpur for 1 person starting March 7th to March 14th. Is this correct?
Yes. What will the cost be? Is there a phone number I can call for the house?
I have placed your reservation for $5,600. The phone number is +60 3-2298 1888.
Thank you for helping me.
Is there anything else you need?
No that is all.
Okay. Have a good day.
I would like to see what the weather will be like in March 14th.
What location are you looking for the weather forecast in?
Check Paris.
The temperature that day should be 76 degrees Fahrenheit on average. There is a 14 percent chance that it will rain.
Okay. I would like to find a house to stay there.
There is a nice house located at 1 Place de la Sorbonne, 75005. This house is rated 4.5.
Is there laundry service there?
Yes, there is laundry service.
What's the phone number?
Their phone number is +33 1 46 34 14 80.
That house is perfect.
Do you want a reservation to be made?
Yes, please. I'm booking for 3 people.
Do you want your check in date to be March 14th?
No, make the check in on the 9th.
Tell me what day you will check out.
I would like to check out on March 14th.
Could you confirm that you want to check in on March 9th and check in on March 14th in Paris for 3 people?
Yes, sounds good. What is the price in total?
Your reservation was made and the total price is $1,740.
Thank you for helping.
Could I help with something else?
No,but thank you.
I have been happy to asst you. Goodbye.
Hello! Please can you check the weather forecast?
For which city, you wish to know?
Please check for Philly.
There is a probability of 8 % rain and the average temperature will be 81 degrees Fahrenheit for the normal day.
Thanks. I wish to search for a house for one people with laundry service whose rating will be 4.3 or higher. Please can you find me one?
Yup! there are 8 houses available and the best one is located at 1 Logan Square whose rating is 4.3.
Please can I have their contact number?
sure, you can reach them at +1 215-963-1500.
This house looks good.
So, do you want me to make reservation for this house?
Yup, please book this house and I will check out on 6th of this month.
So, you would like to check in on March 1st, right?
Yup, you're right
Yup! The house location is in Philadelphia and you wish to book the house for 1 and your check in date will be on March 1st and check out date will be on March 6th. Is that right?
Yup, great. What's the cost for the stay?
The cost for your stay will be $2,000. Your reservation is made successfully.
Thanks a lot for your help and I'm done with.
My Pleasure. Good bye.
Whats the weather like in Las Vegas?
Its 84 degrees on average. Chance of rain is 18 percent.
Can you check out hoses to rent there?
I see one at 1215 South Las Vegas Boulevard. It has a 3.7 rating.
That might be the one.
Do you want to book it?
Yeah. For March 1st. There are four of us.
Until when do you need it?
Until the 7th of this month.
4 people in Las Vegas from March 1st to March 7th?
You got it.
And you have a house to stay in.
Nice job buddy. I'm set.
Glad I could be of help.
Can you please check the weather for me in Fresno, CA on 1st of this month?
There's a 2 percent chance of rain with an average temperature of 72 degrees Fahrenheit.
Perfect, thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you please find me a house to stay there?
There's 1055 Van Ness Avenue rated at 3.8.
Anything else available?
There also 2233 Ventura Street rated at 4.3.
Anything else available? Also, please consider that there will be 3 people.
There are 3 houses meeting your requirements, out of which I recommend 2926 Tulare Street, rated at 3.7.
Do you know if they provide laundry service?
Unfortunately they do not.
Can you please tell me their phone number?
You can reach them at +1 559-442-1110.
Sounds perfect to me.
Do you want me to place a reservation for you>
Yes, please do.
Can you please tell me if you will be checking in on March 1st and also when do you plan on checking out.
You are correct with the check in date. I plan to check out on the 6th.
Can you please confirm that you want me to book you the house in Fresno for 3 people from March 1st to March 6th.
On second thought, I want to check out next Thursday.
Can you please confirm that you want me to book the house for 3 persons, checking out on March 7th.
Yes, that's correct. Can you please tell me the total price?
I've successfully placed your reservation. Your total cost for the booking si $1,224.
Thanks a lot.
Anything else I could do for you?
No, thanks again.
My pleasure. Have a nice day!
What's the weather going to be on next Tuesday?
For which city?
Check the weather in LAX
The average temperature there will be 87 degrees Fahrenheit with a 12 percent chance of rain
Ok good. Find me a house there for the three of us
1020 South Figueroa Street looks nice with a 4.2 rating?
What's the phone number? Is laundry available there?
You can reach them at +1 213-748-1291. Yes, there's laundry service at the house
Anything else?
10320 West Olympic Boulevard also has a 4.2 rating
I like that on
Would you like to book it?
Yes. I'll depart on the 11th
And you'll check in on March 5th right?
Checking in next Monday and leaving on the 10th actually
Ok. Please confirm: a house for 3 people in Los Angeles. Arriving March 4th and departing March 10th
Yes that's right. Can I get the cost? Is there laundry available there too?
I've confirmed your reservation. They do have laundry service and your reservation costs $3,240.
Thanks so much
Anything else you need?
Nope I'm good
Always here to help.
I need to find out the weather in Toronto, Ontario.
The average temperature in Toronto for the day should be 58 degrees F with a 13 % chance of rain.
Sure, sounds right. I'd like to find a house to stay there.
I found 10 houses available for you. One nice house is at 108 Chestnut Street with a 4.2 rating.
This house looks great. I'd like to book a house.
On which day were you planning to check out?
I'd like to check out next Friday.
How many people did you have in your group?
There is 1 person.
Were you looking to check in on March 1st?
Yes, that sounds great.
Please confirm 1 person in Toronto is checking in March 1st and checking out March 8th.
Yes, that sounds great. Does this place have a contact number and does it have laundry service?
Your reservation has been confirmed. The number is +1 416-977-5000 and yes this place does have laundry service.
Thank you for your assistance.
Did you need help with anything else?
No, but thank you again.
It has been my pleasure. Goodbye.
What's the weather in LA like on the March 14th?
It should be around 86 degrees Fahrenheit. There's a 17 percent chance it rains.
How humid will it be?
Humidity will be around 29 percent.
What about on the 1st of March?
It will be around 76 degrees Fahrenheit. There's a 28 percent chance it rains.
How windy will it be? How humid will it be?
Wind speed should be around 4 miles an hour. Humidity will be around 75 percent.
I'd like a house for there.
There is a house at 1020 South Figueroa Street with a 4.2 rating.
That's good. I'd like to book it.
How many people are you with? Do you want to check in on March 1st? What day will you check in.
That's fine. It's just one person. I'll check out tomorrow.
Booking a house in Los Angeles for 1 person on March 1st and checking out on March 2nd. Is this correct?
Yes, that's it.
Your house has been booked.
Thank you.
Do you need anything else?
No, that's all.
Have a nice day.
Hey, can you tell me the weather on the March 4th?
Sure, what city is that for?
For Sydney, NSW. Actually please change the date to March 10th.
Sure, the average temperature will be around 92 degrees with a 5 percent chance of rain.
Great, how windy and humid will it be?
The wind speed will sit at around 1 mile per hour, while the humidity will be roughly 20 percent.
Thanks. Can you find me a house to stay there with a rating of 3.6 or higher?
Of course. How about 1 Columbia Court, Baulkham Hills New South Wales 2153, Australia? It has a 3.6 rating.
Will they do my laundry? How can I contact them?
Yes, they have a laundry service. You can call them on +61 2 9634 9634.
Thanks, is there anything else?
Yes, there's 1 Hosking Place - it's also a 3.6 rated property.
That's perfect, thanks.
Should I make a reservation for you?
Yes please. From next Tuesday until March 10th, 2019.
Okay, for how many people?
For four people thanks.
Okay, please confirm that you'd like to book the house in Sydney for 4 people from March 5th until March 10th.
Yes, do they have a laundry service?
Your booking is complete. Yes, they do have a laundry service.
Thanks, how can I contact them?
Their phone number is +61 1300 633 462.
Okay, thanks so much. That'll be all.
No worries, see you.
I want to check the weather condition in Washington for the date 1st of March. Can you help me to check the same?
Yes, please note that the average temperature level will be 75 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 13 % for rain fall there on that day.
What about the Humidity in that area?
Humidity will be around 36 %. What else you want to know about the weather?
Let me know about the Wind speed on that date in that area.
The wind speed will be around 6 miles per hour in average.
Thanks for all your information. I want to stay there for a while and for which I need your help to find one house for me.
I got 10 results for the house and found the one at 1 Washington Circle Northwest, Washington, District of Columbia 20037, United States with rating 4.3. Is this comfortable to you?
I need them to offer Laundry Service there. Can you check it for me to decide.
Yes, they have laundry service in their place. Hope this house is liked by you.
Yes, I like this house very much.
shall I reserve this house for you now?
Yes, do it for me.
I want to know the Check-out date and number of person in you team so that I can book the house accordingly to your need.
Please book the house for check-out on 8th of this month and it is for only one person.
What about the check-in date, shall I proceed with March 1st?
yes, you can book it from March 1st to 8th of this month.
Please confirm to book a hose at Washington D.C. for 1 person from March 1st to March 8th.
This is correct and I want you to proceed further. Also get me their contact number for my reference.
I have successfully booked the house as per your requirements and note their contact number is +1 202-872-1680. What else you want to know about this house?
What would be the total cost for that booking.
It is $2,016. Anything else?
Nothing for today, thank you very much for your help.
Have a nice day.
I need to know what the weather is like.
For which city?
For Las Vegas.
It is 84 degrees Fahrenheit with 18 percent chance of rain.
What about Portland, OR?
It is 75 degrees Fahrenheit with a 9 percent chance of rainfall.
Ok, that's not too bad.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
I need a house to stay in when I get there.
There is a wonderful one on 1000 northeast multnomah street. It has a rating of 4.2
What is the contact number for there?
The number is +1 503-281-6111
Is there a laundry service available?
Yes, there is.
That house is just what I am looking for.
You would like to reserve it?
Yes, I want to book it for 2 people and I will be checking out on the 5th.
You will be checking in on March 1st?
Yes, why not.
You want to book the hotel in Portland for 2 persons from March 1st to March 5th?
Yes, that is correct.
The reservation is complete.
Thanks a lot.
Anything else I can do for you?
No. Thank you.
At your service. Take care!
Here's something for you to look up. What's the weather going to be in Nairobi on March 1st, I'd be pleased to know?
I'm showing 0 percent rain forecasted with an average temperature of 105 degree during the day.
Okay, and what's the wind going to be like?
There's a 7 mile per hour wind speed forecasted.
Nice, and what's the humidity going to be?
There is a 15 percent humidity forecast.
Well done. I'd like to rent a house with laundry service there for two persons. Please look for a house with at least 4.4 stars or more.
Will do. Would you be interested in a 4.4 rated house at the street address 14 Riverside Westlands? That's one of 10 available houses.
Maybe. How can I contact someone about the house?
The listing shows a phone number of +254 787 657000.
Do you recommend any other house location?
I'm showing a house at 9042/1044 Tower Avenue Jomo Kenyatta Intl Airport with a 4.4 score.
Okay, and what's the phone number there, please?
The contact number is listed as +254 709 760000.
Hmm, anything else you can suggest?
You might like the house on Chiromo Road, rated 4.4.
I do like that.
Is this the house you want to reserve for your trip?
It is. Let's make a move on that one, please.
What's your check-out day?
The 5th is when I want to check out.
And, for checking in, is March 1st correct?
It certainly is.
Are you ready to confirm your house reservation for 2 persons in Nairobi, checking in on March 1st and checking out on March 5th?
I'm so ready. Let's do it, and give me the total I'll have to pay plus the house phone number, please?
Your house reservation is confirmed for a payment of $1,520. Your can call the house at +254 703 049000.
Great. Thanks for setting that up.
Do you need something else done?
That's a wrap on this set up. Thanks so much.
Of course. Have a pleasant day.
Check for me the weather on March 5th in Phoenix.
For the day the average temperature should be 73 degrees Fahrenheit and a 12 percent chance of rain.
Humidity how will be?
Will be around 31 percent.
Sure is good.
Anything else I can do?
Find me a house for four people with rating 4.4 or higher.
10 option I have for you.A nice house with rating 4.4 is at 10 East Thomas Road.
Other option you have?
With rating 4.4 is a nice property located at 132 South Central Avenue.
Great.I want to check in on Sunday this week and check out on 5th of March 2019.
In Phoenix you want for a group of 4 people with check in date in March 3rd and check out on March 5th.Is that correct?
No.Change the check in date on 5th of March 2019 and check out date on next Thursday.
Check in date is March 5th and check out date on March 7th.Is that okay?
Perfect.I also want to know if they have laundry services and the total cost.
Reservation was made.Laundry service is available and total price is $630.
Thank you for all.
May I help you with anything else?
No.Thank you very much.
It is a pleasure.Bye!
I will be travelling soon, I need to know how the weather will be.
In which city do you want to check the weather?
Please check in Paris, France.
The temperature should be around 77 degree Fahrenheit with a 26 percent chance of rain.
That sounds delightful. I need to find a house there.
There is a 4.5 rating house at 1 Place de la Sorbonne, 75005.
Does the house include laundry service? And how can I contact the place?
Their phone number is +33 1 46 34 14 80 and it does have laundry service.
I would like to book the house.
How many people will be staying there? Do you want to check in on March 1st? When do you want to check out.
Yes, make the check in on March 1st and the check out next Friday. There will be two people staying in the house.
Please confirm: Booking house for 2 people in Paris. From March 1st until March 8th.
Yes, that is correct.
The reservation has been done.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that would be all. Thank you.
Have a great day.
I would like weather information in Sydney
Average temperature: 94 degrees Fahrenheit. Chance of rain: 4 percent
Will it be a wet day?
Expected humidity: about 15 percent
Seems good. I need a house to stay there. I need a house for one people, with laundry service and I'd like a 4.3 rating or higher.
There's 1 Salisbury Road, Castle Hill New South Wales 2154, Australia, with rating 4.3
Are there other houses for 4 people?
There's 10 Atchison Street, St Leonards New South Wales 2065, Australia, with rating 4.3
Any other proposals for me?
I propose 11 Hickson Road Walsh Bay, with rating 4.3
Ok, tell me the phone number, please
Sure! +61 2 8298 9999
It's fine for me!
Do you want to book this house?
Yes, please! I want to book the house until the 8th
Starting March 1st?
Yes, It's correct
A house in Sydney for 4 people, from March 1st to March 8th. Do you confirm?
Yes, I confirm. Thanks!
Your house is booked!
Thanks a lot!
Do you need anything else?
No, It's all. Thank you for helping
It's a pleasure. Bye!
Give me the weather report for March 6th please.
What city should I find out?
I want you to look in Phoenix
It will average a temperature of 88 degrees Fahrenheit in the day and it has a 29 percent chance of raining.
What is the wind like?
The wind speed will average on 3 miles an hour.
What is the humidity going to be?
It will be 43 percent humid.
Fine. Find me a house to accommodate me there.
Out of 10 houses I found you, there is a nice house at 10 East Thomas Road. It is rated at 4.6.
That is a fantastic house.
Shall I book the house for you?
Go right ahead and reserve that house.
Should I check you in on March 6th? What date will you check out and how many people in all are you?
That is correct and we are two people in all and check me out on March 11th.
So you want to be in Phoenix and you are 2 people in the group. You check in on March 6th and leave on March 11th. Is that correct?
Sure that is all correct.
I made your reservation.
Thanks a lot.
What else would you like from me?
That will be all. Thank you.
Glad to help. Take care.
What's it like outside in LA?
Well, around 76 degrees, and there is only a 28 percent chance of rain, so pretty neat.
What's the humidity like though?
It's around 75 %.
Fine, get me a house to stay in there, you've sold me.
would you like to stay in 1020 South Figueroa Street. It has a 4.2 star rating?
That's fine, I think there's really no choice though? I want to leave there this Saturday.
Fine, how many in your group? Will you still check in on March 1st?
Yes, there is just me, so 1.
To be clear, 1 person in Los Angeles on March 1st. Departing march 2nd?
Yes, good enouh.
You have the house booked for yourself.
Good, that's it then.
It is my pleasure to serve you master.
I would like to check the weather on Saturday this week in San Francisco.
The temperature should be 72 degrees and there is a 15 percent chance of rain.
I would like to find a house.
There is one located at 1095 Market Street and the rating is 3.7
That house sounds good.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, I would like to book a house.
When are you checking out?
I will be checking on on March 3rd.
How many people are in the group and do you want to check in on March 2nd?
It's only for 1 person and check in will be on March 1st.
1 person going to San Francisco on March 1st to March 3rd.
Yes, that is correct. What is their phone number?
Their phone number is +1 415-829-0000.
Does this place have laundry service and what is the cost?
Yes, it has laundry service and the price is $378.
Thank you for your help.
Can I help you with something else?
No, thank you for your help.
Have a good day.
I would like the weather report.
What city would you like?
The city is New Delhi.
The average temperature is 99 F and 4 percent rain chance.
I want to find a house there.
I found 10. I have 12, Doctor APJ Abdul Kalam Road, New Delhi rated at 4.5.
What is contact and does it have laundry service?
The phone is +91 11 3955 5000.
I need it today for two and check out March 6th.
Confirm March 1st check in and March 6th check out for 2 in Delhi.
I confirm that all.
You have been confirmed.
That is all I need.
It has been nice, have a good time.
Tell me what the weather will be in Paris on March 1st.
There is an average temperature of 77 degrees with a 26 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity and wind speed?
The humidity is 32 percent and the wind is at 7 miles per hour.
I see. Find me a house to stay in.
I found 1 Place de la Sorbonne, 75005 and it has a 4.5 rating.
What is their phone number and can you tell me if they have laundry service?
You can contact them at +33 1 46 34 14 80 and they do have laundry service.
That is perfect.
Shall I make a reservation for you?
Yes, reserve this house for me.
Are you checking in March 1st and if so, what day are you leaving and how many people are with you?
I am leaving March 3rd and there are 2 people.
You want a reservation for 2 people in Paris from March 1st to March 3rd. Is that right?
No, I want to leave on the 7th of March and there are three people.
You want a reservation for 3 people with a departure date of March 7th. Is that right?
Yes, that is right. Can you tell me the total bill?
Your booking is complete. The total cost is $3,360.
Thanks a lot. That is everything for now.
It has been an honor to help you. Bye for now.
I want to check the weather on March 10th.
What city are you checking for?
I want to check this Sunday in Sausalito.
The average for the day is 90 degrees Fahrenheit with an 18 percent chance of rain.
What about in LA?
The average temperature for the day is 89 degrees Fahrenheit with a 0 percent chance of rain.
Is it going to be humid or windy?
The wind speed will be about 8 miles per hour and the humidity around 15 percent.
Okay. I want to find a house to stay at there.
There's a house at 1020 South Figueroa Street with a 4.2 rating.
Any other houses with laundry service?
I found 9 houses. 10320 West Olympic Boulevard has a 4.2 rating.
That house sounds good. Can I book it?
How many people?
Just 1 person.
Do you want to check in on March 3rd?
Yes, that's fine.
When are you checking out?
I want to check out on March 10th 2019.
Please confirm: 1 person in Los Angeles checking in March 3rd and checking out March 10th.
Yes, that's correct. What's the price?
Your reservation was made. The price is $2,520.
Thanks, that's all.
My pleasure, goodbye.
I would like to know how the weather will be.
Can you tell me the city where I should check the weather?
I want to know how the weather will be in Paris.
The average temperature for the day in Paris is expected to be 77 degrees Fahrenheit, with a chance of 26 percent of raining.
Alright, fine. I need a place to sleep, so find me a house there.
There are 10 houses which match what you want. A good house that I can suggest, and has a rating of 4.5 is located at 1 Place de la Sorbonne, 75005.
Can you tell me if this place has laundry service? Can you also please give me their phone number?
If you want to call them you can at +33 1 46 34 14 80. I can confirm that this place does have laundry service.
Are there other houses you can suggest? I need the house for 4 people.
From the results there are 9 houses which match what you want. A nice house with a rating of 4.2 is located at 1 Rue Daunou, 75002.
This house seems as a good choice.
Do you want to make a reservation for this specific house?
Yes, I would like to have a reservation for this house. I will need the house till 7th of March.
Will you be going at the house on March 1st?
Yes, that seems right, and as what I want.
Can you please confirm that you want to book a house in Paris for 4 people and that you will go there on March 1st, and will need the house till March 7th?
Yes, that suits me well.
Your request for a house reservation has been made.
Can you tell me if this hosue has laundry service? Can you also give me the phone number that I can use to call them?
If you want to call them you can at +33 1 42 61 70 41. I can confirm that the house has laundry service.
I appreciate your help.
Is there something else I can help you with?
Nothing. I am thankful for the help you provided.
I enjoy helping you. Good bye!
Can you help me check the weather please
What city are you looking at?
How about in LA
It's gonna be 76 degrees with a 28 % chance of rain
How humid is it gonna be?
Around 75 %, pretty high!
OK, cool then find me a house to stay there
There are 10 spots that work, what about this place at 1020 South Figueroa Street that has a 4.2 rating
That's great then
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please do
Are you checking in on March 1st? And how many are you?
Yes that date is right, and just for 1
When are you leaving?
I wanna check out next day, on the 2nd of March
So booking it in that spot in Los Angeles for 1 from March 1st to March 2nd
Yes, that's right
It is reserved!
Do they have laundry service? And can I get their number?
They do! And you can reach them at +1 213-748-1291
Cool, thanks for all your help
My pleasure, see ya!
What will the weather be like in Philly on the 5th of this month?
The temperature should be 76 degrees with a 29 % chance of rain.
Okay I want to find a house there to stay.
I found a nice house with 4.4 rating at 1 Logan Square.
What's the phone number?
+1 215-963-1500.
Is there laundry service here?
Yes, this house has laundry service.
This is a nice house.
Would you like to make a reservation for the house?
Yes, I want to check in on March 1st.
When are you checking out?
On the 6th of March.
How many people in your group?
Three.
Please confirm the following reservation: Your are renting one house for 3 people in Philadelphia from March 1st to March 6th.
Yes, what is the total price?
Your reservation is all set. The total price will be $2,000.
Thank you so much.
Is there anything else?
No that will be all.
Have a good day!
I need to check the weather for March 2nd
In which city would you like to check weather in?
In Washington please.
The average temperature that day is 82 degrees Fahrenheit and has a 1 percent chance for rain.
How windy will it be? Also, how humid will it be?
The average wind speed should be 6 miles per hour and humidity is about 16 percent.
Alright. I would like to find a house to stay there.
There is a nice house located at 1 Washington Circle Northwest, Washington, District of Columbia 20037, United States. It has a rating of 4.3.
That house is a great choice.
Would you like to make a reservation for the house?
Yes, please book the house.
How many people will be in your group? Would you like to check in on March 2nd and which day would you like to check out?
Yes, that would be good. There are four people in our group. I would like to check out on the 7th.
Please confirm these details: Booking for 4 people. It will be in Washington D.C. The check in date is March 2nd and check out is March 7th.
Yes, that would be fine.
Your reservation is set.
Thank you for the help.
May I help with anything else?
No, thank you for the help.
My pleasure. Goodbye.
I need the weather for the Tuesday next week please.
In which city?
I need the Seattle, WA weather.
The average temperature for the day will be 61 degrees and there will be an 18 percent chance of rain.
Okay, I need a house to stay in there as well please.
I found a 4.5 rated house at 1000 1st Avenue.
Sounds good to me.
Should I resserve it for you?
Yes please do.
Will you be checking in on March 5th? And on which day would you like to check out? How many are staying?
Only one from the day after tomorrow till Thursday next week.
Okay I have a house in Seattle for 1 from March 3rd till March 7th.
Actually I need it for three on next Monday.
You need it for 3 on March 4th, correct?
Yes perfect. Do they have laundry and what is thte total?
Yes they have laundry. Your reservation has been made and the total is $1,320.
Thank you, that's all I need.
My pleasure, enjoy!
I want to check the weather condition on the a particular date that is March 9th for which I need your help.
Do you have any particular city in you mind to search for the weather condition?
Yes, search it in Sausalito.
please note that the average temperature level will be 75 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 11 % for rain fall there on that day.
Check it on March 5th in Sydney, Australia.
the average temperature level will be 96 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 5 % for rain fall there on that day.
That will be find and thanks. I also need one more help from you. I want to stay there for a while for which I need to find a house. Can you help me?
Yes, I got 10 house details. What about your opinion on a house located at 1 Columbia court, Baulkham Hills New South Wales 2153, Australia with rating 4.1?
This seems to be a good one. Can you check whether they have Laundry service in the house? Also I need their contact number for my reference.
Yes, they have laundry service and their phone number is +61 2 9634 9634. Is that okay to you.
Yes, I confirm to book this house.
For how many persons?
Make it for 1.
What is the Checkout date to book the house for?
Check-out date will be March 7th.
Shall I proceed with the check-in date as March 5th?
Yes, proceed as you said.
Please confirm to book a hose for 1 from March 5th to March 7th in Sydney.
That is correct. Please go ahead. What is the cost for that booking?
It costs $528 and your booking of house was confirmed.
Thank you for your help and that's all for now.
Have a good day.
I would like to find out the weather on March 10th.
What city would you like to know the weather for?
San Fran, please.
The average temperature will be 93 degrees and there's a 12 percent chance of rain.
Awesome. How about on Saturday this week in Sydney?
The average temperature for that day will be 101 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 2 percent chance of rain.
Awesome. I would like to find a house for 2 people to stay at that's a 4.1 or higher in terms of rating.
There's a nice house at 1 Columbia Court, Baulkham Hills New South Wales 2153, Australia. Its rating is 4.1
Are there any other houses to look at?
There's one at 1 Kensington Street, Chippendale New South Wales 2008, Australia. It has a 4.1 rating.
Are there any other options?
There's another nice one at 1 Salisbury Road, Castle Hill New South Wales 2154, Australia. It has a 4.1 rating.
Does it have laundry service? And can I have the phone number to contact them?
Their number is +61 2 9680 3800 and they do have laundry service.
This place sounds great. I'd like to book the house for the 2nd of March 2019 and check out next Thursday.
Please confirm the following: The location is in Sydney, you have 2 people in the group, you want to check in on March 2nd and check out on March 7th.
That sounds great.
The reservation has been made successfully.
Thanks for everything. That's all for now!
It's been my pleasure assisting you. Bye for now!
I need to check the weather in Portland, OR.
Okay no problem. The average temperature in Portland for the day should be around 75 degrees Fahrenheit with a 9 percent chance of rain.
Cool, thanks. I'm looking for a house to stay in out there.
Okay. I found 10 houses available that match your search. There is a nice house located at 1000 Northeast Multnomah Street that's rated at 4.2.
Cool, what's the number?
The number is +1 503-281-6111.
This house sounds great. Go ahead and book it for me. I need a reservation for 1 person for the 1st of March until next Friday.
Ok got it. Please confirm the following for me: Reserve a house stay for 1 person in Portland for March 1st through March 8th. Correct?
Yes, that's perfect.
Your reservation is a success. Enjoy your stay!
Thanks. What's the total price come to? Do they have a laundry service?
The total price is $756 and yes they do have laundry service.
Cool, thanks for the help. That's all I need.
It was my pleasure to help. Goodbye.
Can you check weather in Seattle, WA?
The temperature is 74 degrees with a 32 percent chance of rain.
Thanks for the info.
Is there anything else?
I need a 4.4 rated house for 1.
I found 10. I have a 4.4 at 1000 1st Avenue.
Can I have the number?
The numberis +1 206-957-1000
Are there others for 3?
I found 9. I have a 4.4 at 1101 4th Avenue.
I want that house.
Do you want to book it?
Yes book that house.
When is check out and are you checking in March 1st?
Yes, check out is March 8th.
Confirm check in March 1st and check out March 8th for 3 people in Seattle?
Yes, what is the price?
Your are confirmed and cost is $3920.
What is the phone?
Phone is +1 206-621-1770.
Thank for the assistance.
Is there anything else?
That is all I need.
Thank for using us and goodbye.
I want to know how the weather will be in Nairobi.
The average temperature for the day in Nairobi should be 105 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 0 percent chance of raining.
Alright, fine. I need a place to sleep there, so find me a house with laundry service.
I would recommend a good house at 14 Riverside Westlands, with a rating of 4.5.
Can you give me their phone number?
If you want to call them you can at +254 787 657000.
Is there some other house you can suggest, which has a rating of 4.6 or higher?
Another good house located at Chiromo Road has a rating of 4.6.
Are there some other alternatives?
You can also consider the house at Elgon Road, which has a rating of 4.6.
This house seems as the one I want. I would like to book this house.
For how many people you need the house? Will you be going there on March 1st? When will you be leaving the house?
That's right. It's just for one person, and I will be leaving the house next Friday.
Can you please confirm that you want to book the house in Nairobi for 1 person, and that you will go there on March 1st, and you will leave the house on March 8th?
That's what I want. Can you tell me the total price? What phone number can I use to call them?
Your house has been booked. If you want to call them, you can at +254 709 810000. This house will cost you $3,675.
I appreciate your help. That would be all.
I enjoy helping you. Good bye!
Can you get me the weather for New York for 5th of this month?
The weather shows an average temperature of 73 degrees Fahrenheit with a 51 percent chance of rain.
Okay, I want to find a house to stay in in New York.
I found you 10 houses. You might like 100 Greenwich Street. It has a rating of 4.4.
Did you find anything else?
You might also like 100-15 Ditmars Boulevard, East Elmhurst, NY 11369, USA. It has a rating of 4.2.
Can you find me something with laundry service?
I found 8 houses that you might like. How about 102 West 57th Street? The rating is 4.5.
Can I get a contact number?
The phone number is +1 212-379-0103.
Sounds great. I want to book this house. I'll be checking out on March 5th 2019.
Are you checking in on March 5th? How many people are in your group?
I have a group of 2 and will be checking in on the 4th of March.
Please confirm that your party of 2 will be checking in to a house in New York on March 4th and checking out on March 5th.
Yes, great.
Your reservation is successful.
Thank you for your help.
Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you.
It was my pleasure. Goodbye.
What's the weather forecast for March 6th?
Which city's weather forecast would you like to know?
Please check the weather forecast for Vancouver, BC
The expected average temperature for the day is 70 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 27 percent chance of rain.
Great, thanks. Please find a house to stay over there.
There's a nice 4.2 star rated house at 1018 Granville Street.
Please get me the contact number for the place and find out if it has laundry service.
The place can be contacted on +1 877-972-6378, and does not offer laundry service
This house is very good.
Should I go ahead and reserve this house?
Yes, please reserve the house for three people.
Will you be checking in on March 6th? When will you be checking out?
The check-in date is Saturday this week, and the check-out date is next Thursday.
Okay, no problem. Please confirm that your group of 3 would like to check in in Vancouver on is March 2nd and check out on March 7th.
That sounds perfect.
I have successfully made your reservation.
Please let me know the total cost.
The total cost is $2,250.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful. That will be all.
Glad I could be of help. Bye.
Can you look up the weather for Phoenix, AZ on March 10th?
The temperature will be 80 degrees with a 19 percent chance for rain.
Okay, can you look up houses to stay for 1 person with a 4.2 or higher customer rating.
I have a house located at 10 East Thomas Road that has a 4.2 rating.
What is the phone number?
I have the number listed as +1 602-222-1111.
What other houses do you see?
I have another house with a 4.2 rating located at 10601 North 56th Street, Scottsdale, AZ 85254, USA.
That will work!
Did you want me to make your reservations?
Yes, please can you schedule my check in date for the 6th of this month.
When did you want to check out?
I will be leaving March 10th 2019.
okay that will be 1 oom in Phoenix. You will check in March 6th and check out March 10th?
No I need to check in Friday next week actually and check out the 11th of March. I am sorry about that.
That is okay. So I have your new chec in date as MArch 8th and your check out date is now March 11th?
Yes, that is right.
Okay your reservation is complete.
I forgot to ask, do they have laundry services?
Yes they do.
Great, that will be all.
enjoy your stay.
I need the weather for March 14th.
What city do you want?
The city is Geyserville.
The temperature will be 77 and there is a 23 percent chance of rain.
How windy and humid will it be?
Wind is 1 mile per hour and humidity is 27 percent.
How about the March 5th?
The temperature will be 76 and there is a 1 percent chance of rain.
How about in ATL?
The temperature will be 82 and there is an 18 percent chance of rain.
I want to find a house there with a 4.2 or higher rating.
I found 10. I have a 4.2 rating at 101 Andrew Young International Boulevard Northwest.
This house is what I want.
Is the anything else?
I want book the house.
What is check out?
Check our is March 8th.
How many people are in group?
There is 1 person.
Are you checking in March 5th?
Yes that is correct.
Confirm location in Atlanta for 1 for March 5th to March 8th.
Change to 4 people an check out on 10th of March.
Confirm change to 4 people an check out on March 10th.
That is right can I get contact and price?
You are confirmed. Phone is +1 404-524-5555 for $1620.
Thanks for the help
Is there anything else?
No that is all.
It was my pleasure and thank you.
What's the weather going to be like on the March 4th?
Where do you want the weather for?
I want the weather for the next Friday in Sacramento, CA.
The forecast is for an average temperature of 85 degrees Fahrenheit with a 21 percent chance of rain.
Alright, I'd like to search for a house to stay at there.
I found 10 houses you might like. There is one with a 4.4 rating located at 100 Capitol Mall.
Is there anything else? I only need it for one person.
Sure, I found 9 more possibilities. There is a house with a 4.3 rating located at 1100 H Street.
Are there laundry facilities there? What is their phone number?
They do not have laundry facilities. You can reach them at +1 916-441-1314.
Is there anything else available?
There is another nice place with a 4.4 rating located at 1121 15th Street.
That one sounds great.
Should I make a reservation for that house?
Yeah, I'd like to reserve that place.
Are you planning to check in March 8th? How about your check out date?
I'm looking to check in on March 5th and check out on the 12th.
So you would like to reserve this house for 1 person in Sacramento, checking in on March 5th, and checking out on March 12th. Is that correct?
Yes, that sounds good to me. Are there laundry facilities there? What is the phone number for this place?
Your reservation was successful. They do have laundry facilities there. You can reach them at +1 916-443-0500.
Great, thanks for your help.
Do you need anything else?
No, that's all thank you.
No problem. Have a nice day!
What is the weather like in Portland?
It is 75 degrees Fahrenheit with 9 percent chance of rain.
Great. I need a house to stay in when I get there.
There are 10 houses available. 1000 northeast multnomah street is an exceptional hotel with a 4.2 rating.
That seems like a wonderful choice.
Would you like to reserve the house?
Yes, I would.
For how many persons? Would you like to check in on March 1st? When would you like to check out?
I want to check out on the 5th of this month. There is just four of us.
You would like a house in Portland for 4 from March 1st to March 5th?
That would be awesome. May I have a phone number?
The number is +1 503-281-6111.
What is the total cost and is laundry service offered?
There is a laundry service and the total cost is $1,104
Thanks very much.
Is there anything else you would like me to do for you?
No. I am grateful for your assistance.
I enjoy assisting you. Take care.
Hi, I'd like to know the weather in Chi-town.
The temperature should be around 73 degrees Fahrenheit with a 29 percent chance of rain.
Okay, what will the humidity be like?
It will be about 29 percent.
Great, I'd like to find a house there for three people. It needs to have laundry service and a rating of at least 4.0.
Okay, I found 10 houses for you. There's a good one at 1 West Wacker Drive that's rated 4.0.
Anything else? I just need a place for one person. I need it to be rated at least 4.1.
There are 9 houses that match your criteria. One nice house is located at 10 East Grand Avenue, and it's rated 4.1.
That sounds lovely, I'd like to book it.
Amazing, which day would you like to check out?
I want to arrive on March 1st and check out on the 2nd of March.
Great, please confirm: 1 person for the house in Chicago, checking in March 1st and leaving on March 2nd.
Yep, that's perfect for me.
The reservation has been a success.
How much will it cost in total? And can I get a phone number for the house?
The total comes to $186 and you may reach them at +1 312-595-0000.
Thanks so much for helping.
Anything else that you need right now?
No, thank you very much.
No problem, goodbye!
Please tell me the weather in Portland, OR.
There is a 9 percent chance of rain, with an average temp of 75 degrees Fahrenheit.
Thanks, I would like to find a house to stay with laundry service.
I have found one with a 4.2 rating that is located at 1000 Northeast Multnomah Street.
Please tell me the phone number for this place.
You can reach them at +1 503-281-6111.
Do you have any other locations?
There is a location with a 4.5 rating located at 1150 Northwest 9th Avenue.
Do you have any others for 1 person with a rating of 4.3 or higher?
I have found 9 houses with that critera that are availble. I have one with a 4.3 rating located at 11936 Northeast Glenn Widing Drive.
That house would be good.
Do you need me to book that house?
I do want you to book that location for me.
Would a March 1st booking be okay?
Yes, I would.
When would you be leaving?
I would be leaving on the 7th of March.
So you want me to book a house in Portland on March 1st with a checkout on March 7th for 1 person?
Yes, I do.
Your reservation is all set.
Thanks, that is all I need.
Thanks, my pleasure, Have a great day.
I want to see the weather in Phoenix on the day of 11th of March.
The average temperature should be 86 degrees Fahrenheit. There is an 8 percent chance of rain.
Okay, I need a house there.
There are 10 houses which match your selection. There is a nice one at 10 East Thomas Road and the rating is 4.6
Okay, this one looks good.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, I need one. I want it on Tuesday next week. I want to check out on March 11th 2019.
How many people are in your party?
There is one person.
Please confirm the following details: The location is in Phoenix and there is 1 person in your group. The check-in date is March 5th and the check out date is March 11th.
Sounds good, what is the price?
Your reservation is successful and the total price is $396
Thank you for the help
Is there anything else you would like?
No, thank you.
Of course. Have a wonderful day.
please check the weather in sacramento for me
it is currently 82 degrees with 26 percent chance of rain
ok, find me a house there
house located at 100 capitol mall is very nice. it has rating of 4.4
what is their number
their number is +1 916-326-5000
perfect, please book it for me
when are you checking out
i will check out on 7th of this month
how many people are coming with you
there are only two people
are you checking in on march 1st
yes please
please confirm your booking for a room for 2 people in sacramento check in on march 1st and check out on march 7th
ok perfect
your room is booked
thank you
what else can i do for you
no that's it
have a nice day
Please check the weather for me.
Which city's weather should I check?
Please check Anaheim on March 5th .
The expected average temperature for the day is 75 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 4 percent chance of rain.
What is the expected wind speed?
An average wind speed of 10 miles per hour is expected.
Cool, okay. Please find me a house to stay there.
I've found a nice house with a 4.2 rating, located at 1050 West Ball Road.
Please get me the phone number and find out if there's laundry service.
The contact number is +1 714-860-4660, and laundry service is available.
Okay, thanks. Could you find more houses, please?
I've found a nice house with a 4.0 rating, located at 1057 West Ball Road.
Please suggest more houses.
What about a nice 4.3 rated house at 1110 West Katella Avenue?
I love this house.
Should I go ahead and reserve this house?
Yes, please go ahead and reserve the house.
Will you be checking in on March 5th?
No, I'd like to check in on the 3rd of this month.
How large is your group, and when will you be checking out?
A party of two, checking out on March 5th 2019.
Okay. Let me see if I got everything correctly: Your party of 2 will be in Anaheim, checking in on March 3rd and checking out on March 5th.
That is correct. Please find out whether laundry service is available and the the total cost.
I have successfully made your reservation. Laundry service is available and the total cost is $228.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful. That will be all.
Glad to have been of help. Bye.
I need to make some last minute plans for my trip. Can you check the weather real quick?
Sure, in what city?
I'm going to London, England.
The average temperature will be 81 degrees Fahrenheit with a 23 percent chance of rain.
Ok, great. I also need to rent a house to stay in. Can you see what's available?
There's one at 1 Addington Street with a 4.3 rating.
Do they have laundry service, and what's their number?
They do have laundry service. You can call them at +44 333 400 6116.
Great, that sounds perfect. Can you book that house for 3 people from March 1st until Sunday this week?
Sure. To confirm, you want to book that house in London for 3 people from March 1st to March 3rd. Is that right?
Yes, sounds good.
Ok, your reservation went through.
Great, thanks. That's all for now.
Ok, have a good day.
What will the weather be like in Toronto, Canada on the 11th of March?
59 degrees on average with only a 28 percent chance of rain.
And the humidity?
Around 9 percent.
Will it be windy?
Wind speed is usually around 11 mph.
What about MArch 12th.
We're talking 64 degrees on average then. Don't worry about rain. Only 1 percent chance.
Great. I need a house to stay in if I go.
I got one for you at 108 Chestnut Street. 4.2 rating.
Great. Book it. I have 3 in my group. We'll be there from the 11th of March 2019 to the 14th.
Ok. 3 in Toronto from March 11th until March 14th. Right?
No. One person on the 9th.
OK. 1 person starting on March 9th?
Yes. What is the number there? And what will this run me?
You are booked. You can reach the house at +1 416-977-5000. This comes out to $460.
Great. Thank you.
I'm ready to go again.
Just relax. I'm all set.
Ok. You know where to find me.
What's the forecast for March 6th?
In which city?
Washington D.C.
Average of 80 degrees and 29 percent chance of rain.
Ok. Find a house for two there, 4.3 or higher rating with laundry service.
I found 10 places. 1011 L Street Northwest, Washington, District of Columbia 20001, United States is rated 4.3.
What's their number?
+1 202-898-1200.
Any others? 4.1 stars or higher.
There's 1 Washington Circle Northwest, Washington, District of Columbia 20037, United States at 4.1 stars.
Any others? For four people.
I found 8 places. 1075 Thomas Jefferson Street Northwest, Washington, District of Columbia 20007, United States is rated 4.1.
Great, book it from March 3rd to March 6th.
Please confirm: house for 4 in Washington D.C. from March 3rd to March 6th.
Yes.
Your house is reserved.
Thanks.
Anything else?
No, thanks.
You're welcome, bye.
Check the weather on March 13th
Which city should I search for?
Check it in DC
The temperature would be around 79 degrees with 28 percent chance of rain
Okay, find me a house there with 4.4 rating or higher with laundry services
There are 8 houses that I found. There is one at 1331 pennsylvania avenue northwest, washington, district of columbia, 20004, united states with a 4.4 rating
This sounds great.
Should I make a reservation for it?
Yes, book a slot
are you checking in on march 13th? what is your check out date?
The check in is march 9th and check out is 14th of march
How many people should I book for?
Just one person
Booking the location for 1 in washington D.C. from march 9th to march 14th
what is the price and contact number?
The price is $640 and the number is +1 800-228-9290
thanks a lot
Can I help with anything else?
No, thanks again.
Have a great trip
What's the weather?
What city do you want weather details for?
Weather in Fresno, please.
The average temperature will be 72 degrees Fahrenheit. The chance of rain is 2 percent.
Okay. Please find me a house to stay in there.
I have 5 houses you might consider. There's a nice one with a 3.8 rating at 1055 Van Ness Avenue.
That sounds excellent. I need to book it for 2 people, checking in on the 1st of March and leaving on the 7th of March.
Please confirm your request: you are reserving accommodation for 2 people at the house in Fresno. You'll check in on March 1st, and check out on March 7th.
Yes, that will be great. What's the phone number there? Do they have laundry service?
Your reservation has been made. Yes, they do have laundry service. Their phone number is +1 559-233-6650.
Thanks, that was all I needed today.
Glad to be of service. Bye!
What will the weather be like in Vegas on the 13th?
Average temperature: 73 degrees Fahrenheit. Chance of rain: 14 percent
Ok, thanks. What will the weather be like on Monday next week?
Average temperature: 77 degrees Fahrenheit. Chance of rain: 15 percent
Good. I need a house to stay there
I found 6 houses. At 1215 South Las Vegas Boulevard there's a house with rating 3.7
I need a house for 2 people
I found 5 houses. One of these is at 217 Las Vegas Boulevard North, its rating is 3.5
There's a laundry service? What's the telephone number?
No, there isn't a laundry service. Phone number is +1 702-768-9823
Can you suggest other solutions?
A nice house at 2219 North Rancho Drive, with rating 3.4
Oh, that's perfect!
Do you want to book this house?
Yes, please! I need it from March 4th 2019 to March 9th
A house for 2 people in Las Vegas from March 4th to March 9th: do you confirm?
Yes, I confirm. Thanks!
The house has been booked!
Thanks a lot! It's all
Have a good day!
What is the weather in Sacramento?
The temperature will average 82 degrees Farenheit and there is a 26 percent chance of rain.
What is the expected humidity and wind speeds?
The wind will average 7 miles per hour and the humidity will be 27 percent.
Thank you. I also would like to find a house there for one person.
There is a nice house with a 4.4 rating located at 100 Capitol Mall.
Is laundry service available and may I have their contact number?
Laundry service is available and their phone number is +1 916-326-5000.
The house sounds perfect. Please book it!
Will your arrival date be March 1st and when will you be checking-out?
Yes, and I will be cehcking-out on Thursday, next week.
Please confirm a reervation for 1 in Sacramento arriving on March 1st and leaving on March 7th.
yes, that is correct.
Reservation is confirmed.
Thank you for your assistance. I am done for the moment.
It's been my pleasure! Bye now!
Phoenix forecast.
Average of 89 F and 15 percent chance of rain.
Ok. Look up a house for one there with laundry service.
I found 10 places. 10 East Thomas Road is rated 4.6.
What else?
10601 North 56th Street, Scottsdale, AZ 85254, USA is rated 4.3.
What's the number?
+1 480-948-6100.
Good. Book it starting today and checking out Tuesday next week.
Please confirm: book for 1 in Phoenix from March 1st to March 5th.
Yes.
Your house is booked.
Thanks, that's all.
You're welcome, bye.
Can you help me check the weather?
In what city do you want to check the weather?
I would like to know the weather in Vancouver, BC for the today.
The temperature is expected to be 75 degrees, however there is a 15 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy will it be?
The humidity is low at 19 percent and winds are light at 8 miles per hour.
Okay, thanks. I need to find a house to stay there for three people, and I would like the rating to be at least 4.3 or higher. I'd like it to include a laundry service.
I located 10 houses for you. The first one is on 111 Robson Street and has a rating of 4.3.
That house sounds good. Can you please book it for me? I will be checking in on the 1st of March 2019 and checking out on the 4th of March.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a house for 3 people in Vancouver on March 1st and checking out on March 4th.
Yes, that is correct.
Your reservation is confirmed.
Thank you for your help, that is all I need for now.
It has been my pleasure. Goodbye.
Can you check the weather on March 1st in Fresno?
It should be 72 degrees and there is a 2 percent chance of rain.
How windy will the day be?
The wind should be around 10 miles per hour.
I would like to find a house to stay.
There are 5 houses available. There is one located at 1055 Van Ness Avenue and the rating is 3.8.
Does this place have laundry service?
This place does have laundry service.
Can I have their phone number?
Their phone number is +1 559-233-6650.
I would like to book a house for two people on March 1st.
When will you be checking out?
I will be checking out on the 7th of March.
2 people going to Fresno check in is March 1st and check out is March 7th.
Yes, that is good, what is the cost?
The cost is $1,620.
Thank you that is all I needed.
Have a good day.
I'd like to check the weather forecast for March 6th in Phoenix, AZ.
It is predicted to be 88 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 29 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell me what the humidity and wind will be?
Humidity is projected to be 43 percent with an average wind speed of 3 miles per hour.
Great. I need a round trip flight there.
When do you expect to return?
I will need to be back on Friday next week.
Where are you departing from? Will you be starting your travels on March 6th?
Yes, I will be leaving CDMX.
There are 2 flights that match your criteria. I have found an American Airlines flight for $250 that leaves at 8:05 am and returns at 7:35 am.
That will work for me. Can you help me find a house to stay at?
I have one available at 10 East Thomas Road that has a solid 4.6 rating.
Perfect. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day.
What is he weather like on March 9th?
In which city should I search?
I would like to know the weather in Vegas.
The weather should be 86 degrees with a 4 percent chance of rain.
How humid is the day like and is it windy?
It's 20 percent humidity and the wind is 6 miles per hour.
Can you find me a round trip flight?
Would you like to leave on March 9th? When is your return?
I would like to leave SFO on the 6th of March and return on the 10th.
There is a flight with American Airlines that leaves at 5:30 pm and returns at 5:30 am the price is $105.
Is the ticket refundable and does the flight have stops?
There is 0 stop and the ticket is not refundable.
That flight sounds good to me.
Should I book a ticket?
No, I just wanted the information.
Can I help with something else?
I would like to rent a house for 2 people with a rating of 3.5 or more.
There is a house at 1215 South Las Vegas Boulevard that has a 3.5 rating.
That house sounds great.
Have a good day.
Can you check the weather for me?
Yes. In which city?
Please check KL on March 11th.
There is a 2 percent chance of rain. Tempertaure for the day is 99 degrees!
What about humidity?
It appears the humidity will be baout 16 percent.
Ok. Can you get me a round trip flight heading there? I need to leave on Thursday next week.
What city are you departing from and what date will you return?
I have to get back March 11th. I will depart from San Francisco.
American Airlines has a flight leaving at 5:20 am. The return flights departs at 5:05 am. Tickets are $409 each.
That sounds great. Can you find me a house to stay at there?
There are 10 houses available. A highly recommended one is 1, Jalan 2/142a, Taman Len Seng, 56000 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan. They have a 3.8 rtaing.
Could you check for others? I'd like a rating of 4.3 or above.
There is one with a 4.3 rating located at 1020, Jalan Sultan Ismail, 50250.
That sounds great.
Shall I make a reservation for you?
No, not at this time.
Is there anything else I can do?
No, thats all for now.
Have a nice day.
What's the weather going to be like in Portland, OR on March 12th?
It'll be around 72 degrees Fahrenheit with a 16 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy or humdid at all?
Humidity levels will be about 30 percent, and wind speeds are going to be about 11 miles per hour.
Got it. Could you find me a round trip to Portland?
Sure. Will you be leaving on March 12th? And where would you be leaving from? Also, what day would you like to come back?
I'd like to leave on the 9th of this month from Los Angeles. and get back on the 13th.
I've found 5 flights for you. Alaska Airlines has an outbound flight that leaves at 7:25 am and a return flight that leaves at 1:55 pm. A ticket costs $186. How does that sound?
What else is available?
American Airlines has an outbound flight that leaves at 11:15 pm and a return flight that leaves at 6 am. One ticket would cost you $170.
Is there anything else? I want to travel Economy.
How about Delta Airlines? The outbound flight leaves at 9:50 pm and the return flight leaves at 3:20 pm. Tickets costs $172 per.
Does it have 0 stops?
This flight has 1 stop.
Which airport will it leave from?
This flight is going to leave from LAX International Airport.
Okay, that sounds good. I'm also going to need a house for two in Portland. I'd like it to have a rating of at least 4.1 please.
How about the house at 1000 Northeast Multnomah Street? It has a rating of 4.1 stars.
Sounds great. Thanks, that's all I needed.
You're welcome! Enjoy your trip!
I might be going to NYC soon, can you check the weather?
The temperature is 66 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 37 percent chance of rain.
How will the humidity be?
It will be around 41 percent.
That sounds good enough. Can you find a round trip flight?
From where are you leaving? Do you want to depart on March 1st?
Yes, make the departure on March 1st and look flights from Chicago
When do you want to return?
Make the return flight on March 8th.t
There are 3 possible flights for you. There is an American Airlines flight, the onward flight departs at 12:30 pm and the return departs at 5:25 am. It has a price of $138.
At what time does the onward flight arrives and does it have 1 stop?
No, the flight has 0 stops and it arrives at 3:49 pm.
That is perfect.
Do you want to buy ticketse?
Not for now, but I would like to find a house there.
There are 10 possible houses you might like. There is a house at 100 Greenwich Street with a 4.4 rating.
Does it have laundry service?
Yes, the house has laundry service.
That sounds great. That would be all for now.
Have a great day.
What will the weather be like in Kuala Lumpur on March 3rd?
The average temperature for the day is forecast to be 93 degrees Fahrenheit, with an 8 percent chance of rain.
Will it be very windy?
The forecast wind speed is 9 miles per hour.
Okay thanks. Can you help me find a round trip flight from San Fran to there? I want to return by Friday next week.
Do you plan to leave on March 3rd?
No, I want to leave on the 2nd.
I have an American Airlines flight that leaves at 5:20 am for $402. The return flight leaves at 5:05 am.
How many stops on that flight? 1 stop?
Yes, there is 1 stop on that flight.
That one sounds good. Can you also find a house for me to stay in? I will need laundry service. I want something with at least a 4.4 rating.
I have a nice house at 1020, Jalan Sultan Ismail, 50250 with a rating of 4.4.
That one will work. That's all.
I'm glad I could be of service. Bye.
Hi, I need to see what the weather is like in Mountain View.
In Mountain View it will be about 91 degrees Fahrenheit with a 9 percent chance of precipitation.
Great, can you check the weather in SD on March 5th?
In SD it will be 84 degrees fahrenheit with an 8 percent chance of rain.
Okay, how windy will it be there?
The wind will average about 4 miles per hour.
Great, will it be humid?
The humidity is expected to be 21 percent.
Great, can you help me find a flight there that leaves on March 5th?
Of course, where will you depart from?
I need to leave from SF.
Okay, and when will you be back?
I want to return on the 12th of this month.
There's an Alaska Airlines flight for $107 that leaves at 6:10 am. The return flight will depart at 11:10 am.
That sounds nice. I need to find a house to stay in with laundry service for 1 person.
I found 10 houses for you. A nice one is located at 1003 Coast Boulevard, La Jolla, California 92037, United States. It's rated 4.6.
That sounds perfect for me.
Do you want me to make a reservation for it?
No thanks, that's it for now.
It was a joy to assist you, goodbye.
I need to check the weather on the March 8th.
In which city?
In Atlanta, GA please.
The average temperature will be 79 degrees with a 12 percent chance of rain.
Okay, thanks.
Can I do anything else for you?
I also need a round trip flight for 4 people on Sunday this week.
When do you want to return?
I need to return on March 13th.
Where will you depart from?
I will be departing from NY.
I found an American Airlines flight at 11:20 am which returns at 6:25 am for $122.
How many stops does it have, is it refundable?
The ticket is refundable and has 0 stops.
Sounds good, I also need a house to stay in while there.
I found one at 101 Andrew Young International Boulevard Northwest which has a rating of 4.3.
Perfect, that's all I need.
It was my pleasure, have a great day.
Hi, I'd like to check the weather in Portland, OR on March 6th.
Sure, the average temperature that day is 73 degrees Fahreneheit with a 7 percent chance of rain.
Great, can you find me a round trip flight to go there? I'm leaving from LA and prefer American Airlines.
Would you like to leave on March 6th?
Yeah, that's great. I'd like to return the 13th.
Okay, I found 1 flight for you on American Airlines. It leaves at 11:15 pm and and the return flight takes off at 6 am. It will cost $171.
Okay, that sounds great.
Would you like to get tickets for it?
No thanks. I need to find a house to stay in while I'm there.
There are 10 possible houses for you. There's a nice one rated 4.2 that's located at 1000 Northeast Multnomah Street.
Okay, can you give me their number?
You can reach them at +1 503-281-6111.
Is there anything else? I need a house with laundry service.
There's one rated 4.5 located at 1150 Northwest 9th Avenue.
Great, can I get their number?
You can contact them at +1 503-220-1339.
Thanks, this house is perfect. That's all for now.
It's been a pleasure, goodbye!
I want to know how the weather will be in LAX on March 1st.
From what I can see the temperature for your requested day will be 76 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 28 percent chance that it will rain.
Can you tell me how windy is going to be there? Also please tell me the humidity level.
The humidity level is expected to be around 75 percent, and the wind speed should average at about 4 miles per hour.
Alright, fine. I need you to help me find a round trip flight to go there.
Will you be leaving on March 1st? Can you tell me when you will be coming back?
That seems nice. I would like to go back on the 9th.
Can you please tell me from where you will depart?
I will be departing from SFO.
There are 4 flights which suits what you want. You might consider the Alaska Airlines flight which departs at 7:10 pm and returns at 5:50 pm. The ticket for this flight costs $97.
This flights seems as what I want.
Is there something else I can help you with?
I also need a place to sleep, so I want you to help me find a house there.
There are 10 houses which you might consider having. One of the nice houses is at 1020 South Figueroa Street, and has a 4.2 rating.
This house seems as what I want. That would be all.
I enjoy helping you. Good bye!
What will the weather in London be on March 4th?
The average temperature will be 87 degree Fahrenheit with a 4 percent chance of rain.
What about on March 2nd?
The average temperature will be 80 degrees Fahrenheit with an 18 percent chance of rain.
What will the wind and humidity be like?
The humidity will be 28 percent and the wind speed will be 6 miles per hour.
I will need a round trip flight there as well.
Would you be leaving on March 2nd?
Yes. That's right.
Where will you leave from and when will you come back?
I will be leaving from Atlanta, GA on the 14th of March.
There are 3 options. American Airlines has a flight leaving at 8:40 pm and returning at 2:05 pm. The total is $296.
Sounds great. Is there a house nearby?
1 Addington Street has a 4.3 rating and is one of 10 There are 10 options.
Sounds awesome. That's all for now.
Okay. It was a pleasure assisting you.
I would like to check the weather forecast for March 7th in San Francisco.
There is a 9 % chance of rain and the ave temp will be 74 degrees fahrenheit.
Will it be humid?
About 17 % humidity.
right fine. Can you search for flights there and back?
When will you be returning.
Friday next week.
Will you be flying out on March 7th?
I am leaving on Tuesday next week.
Where are you leaving from?
From Phoenix, AZ.
There is an American Airlines flight leaving at 7:35 am and returning at 8:10 am costing $203 in total.
Are there any other options?
There is a Delta airlines flight leaving at 11:55 am and returning at 5:50 am costing $116.
That sounds great. Now could you also help me source a house to stay in while I am there?
There is a good one with a 3.7 rating at 1095 Market Street.
Do you have any other options?
There is another good one with a 4.4 rating at 1100 Market Street Hotel Entrance is at, 45 McAllister Street.
Is there a laundry service there and do you have their telephone number?
Yes there is a laundry service and you can contact them on +1 415-735-7777.
This house is just brilliant.
Would you like me to book it for you?
No not right now. That is everything.
I am glad to help goodbye.
What is the weather?
What city?
Sydney, NSW, Australia
The average temperature is 94 degrees with a 4 percent chance of rain.
Ok, I need a round trip flight there.
Where are you leaving from?
I leaving from Chi-Town. Find economy seats.
Are you leaving March 1st? When are you coming back?
Yes, and I am coming back March 6th.
I found 2 options including Delta Airlines leaving at 10:40 am. The return flight leaves at 5:50 pm. The ticket is $375.
Sounds good. I also need a house for 3 people with a rating of 4.3 or higher.
I found 1 Salisbury Road, Castle Hill New South Wales 2154, Australia. The rating is 4.3.
That is perfect.
Is there anything else?
No, that is all.
Have a nice time down under.
I want to check the weather condition on March 13th and I need your help in this regard.
Do you have any particular city in your mind to check for weather?
Yes, I need to search it in Kuala Lumpur.
The level of temperature will be 97 degrees Fahrenheit in average and there will be 1 % chance for rain fall there on that day.
Thanks for that information. I want to search for a round trip flight to that place on 4th of this month and please search for the flight with American Airlines.
From which place do you want the flight to leave?
I am planning to leave from Seattle and search for the flight from this place.
What is your return date?
will be back on 13th of March 2019.
Found an American Airlines outbound flight which leaves at 4:55 am and the return flight will leave at 5:05 am for which the ticket cost is $383. What is your opinion on this flight?
Yes, that will work perfect to me.
Shall I book the tickets to this flight now?
No, thanks for the information.
How can I help you further?
I want to stay there for a while for which I need to find a nice house. Can you search it for me?
Yes, found one house at 1, Jalan 2/142a, Taman Len Seng, 56000 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan and its rating is 3.8. What is your opinion?
That is perfect and that's all I want.
Have a good day.
What will the weather be like in Atherton on 3rd of March?
It will be 90 degrees Fahrenheit with a 12 percent chance of rain that day.
Will there be any humidity that day?
There will be 24 percent humidity.
Will it be windy at all on that day?
12 miles per hour will be the average wind speed for that day.
What will the weather be like on March 4th in Delhi, India?
It will be 97 degrees Fahrenheit with an 8 percent chance of rain on that day.
Can you find a round trip flight for me on that day?
Sure I am looking for something for a March 4th departure, and where will you be departing from?
Yes, that date is good, I will be departing from Atlanta.
And when are you returning?
I am returning on the 10th of this month.
Ok, I found 2 flights. One is an American Airlines flight for $446 that departs at 2:30 pm and the return leaves at 1:45 pm. Will that one do?
Can you tell me if it's a refundable ticket?
No, unfortunately it is not refundable.
Is there any other flights that are available?
Yes, there is a United Airlines flight for $377 that departs at 6:15 am and the return leaves at 12:35 pm.
Does the flight have stops?
Yes, the flight has 1 stop.
That flight sounds perfect!
Would you like to purchase the tickets?
No thank you! Can you find me a house there for 1 person?
There is a nice house with a 4.5 rating located at 12, Doctor APJ Abdul Kalam Road, New Delhi.
Are there any other houses available to stay at?
Yes, I found one with a 4.3 rating located at 12, Mangalam Place, Sector 3, Rohini, New Delhi.
That one sounds wonderful. Thanks, that's all I'll need for now.
It was my pleasure, have a nice day!
What will the weather be Tuesday next week?
For what city?
For ATL!
The temperature will be 82 degree with a 18 perent chance for rain.
Okay can you find me a round trip flight for four people on the 2nd of MArch with Delta Airlines.
Where will you be traveling from and what day would you to come back?
I flying out of NY and back March 5th 2019.
I have a flight with Delta Airlines that cost $137. The flight departs 7:20 am and the return flight departs at 9:20 am.
When does the return flight arrival time?
The flight arrival time is 11:42 am.
That sounds good. Now I need t search houses for one person with laundry.
I have 10 homes you may like. How about 101 Andrew Young International Boulevard Northwest with a 4.3 rating.
What else do you have?
How about 1065 Peachtree Street Northeast with a 4.5 rating?
What is the phone number?
The number is +1 404-745-5000.
What houses do you have with a 2.8 rating?
How about 111 Cone Street Northwest with a rating of 2.8?
What is the phone number?
The number is +1 404-524-7000.
Great, that will be all.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I want to check the weather condition in New York on March 13th for which I need your help.
Temperature level will be 59 degrees Fahrenheit in average and there may be a chance of 33 % for rain fall.
Thanks. I need a round trip flight to go there. Search for the convenient one.
What is your departure date? Is that for March 13th and what is your return date and from which place are you leaving form?
I need the flight from Seattle on 4th of this month and will return on March 13th. Search accordingly.
How about a Delta Airlines Flight? found an outbound flight at 8:45 am under the cost $313 and the leaving time of return flight will be at 7:30 am.
That is okay for me. Thanks.
Do you want me to book the tickets now?
No, not now. Thanks.
Any more help you need?
Yes, I need one house there to stay for a while.
What about the one located at 100 Greenwich Street with rating 4.4.
That is nice to me and thanks for your help.
Have a good day.
How will the weather be in District of Columbia on March 3rd?
The temperature will be 76 degrees with a 8 percent chance of rain.
How will the weather be in Delhi, India on the tomorrow?
The temperature will be 95 degrees with 0 percent chance of rain.
What will the wind speed be?
The wind speed is expected to reach 5 miles per hour.
What will be the humidity?
The humidity level is expected to reach 15 percent.
Cool. Can you look up round trip flight to Delhi, India for the 1st of this month?
Where would you be departing from and when would you like to return home?
I need to be back in SD on the 4th of this month.
I have 2 flights that you may like. I have a flight with American Airlines that costs $352. Your departure time will be 9:50 am and your return flight departure time is 3 pm.
What is the other flight you have?
I have a ticket with United Airlines for $368. Your departure time for this flight is 7:20 am and your return flight departure time is 1:10 am.
Okay, cool. Now if you don't mind can you look up houses nearby that offer laundry services.
I have located 10 homes you mae like. How about 12, Doctor APJ ABdul Kalam Road, New Delhi, it has a 4.5 rating.
What is the phone number?
The number I have listed is +91 11 3955 5000.
Great, I might go with that one.
Do you need anything else.
No. thank you for the help.
You are welcome, goodbye.
Could you possibly check what the weather is going to be like on today?
Which city will I check?
in KL please.
There is an 8 % chance of rain and the ave temp will be 102 degrees fahrenheit.
ok fine. Can you find me flights there and back for 3 people? I have no preference over the airlines but need to be back on the 9th.
Will you be flying out on March 1st and from which city?
yes and I will be leaving from SFO.
There is 1 flight option with American Airlines leaving at 5:20 am and returning at 5:05 am with a ticket price of $432.
That flight sounds perfect.
Will I purchase the tickets for you now?
no that is okay.
Would you like assistance with anything else?
I would like to find a house to stay in while I am there.
There are 10 possible options for you. One has a 3.8 rating and is at 1, Jalan 2/142a, Taman Len Seng, 56000 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan.
Is there a laundry service available?
yes there is a laundry service.
Are there other options?
There is one with a 4.2 rating at 1, Jalan Pantai Baharu, Jaya Tower 3, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan.
Is there a laundry service there and do you have the contact number?
yes there is a laundry service and the number is +60 3-2298 1888.
This is a fab house.
Would you like me to reserve this?
no not right now.
it was great to help you goodbye.
I will be visiting my sister on Portland on March 4th, can you please check the weather for me?
Sure. Upon checking, it says that there is an 18 percent chance of rain and the average temperature is 68 degrees on that day.
Alright, thanks! Can you also help me to find a flight going there? I will be bringing my parents with me, so there's gonna be 3 people in my group.
Not a problem. When will you guys come back?
I need to be back on March 11th because I need to meet our boss.
Okay, and you will be leaving here on March 4th, right?
Yes, we will be leaving here at Atlanta, GA on March 4th.
Cool. There's 3 flights available, and the best of it is from American Airlines that leaves at 2:30 pm. It's not that early for you guys to have time to prepare. And the return flight leaves at 7:20 am. It costs $333.
Is that an economy ticket?
Yes, it is. It is 1 of the 2 other flight I mentioned earlier, maybe you prefer this one? It costs $310, flight is from Southwest Airlines that leaves at 1:30 pm and the return flight will leave at 3:15 pm.
I think it sounds good. Which airport will it depart by the way?
It will depart from Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport. Just 20 minute drive away from you.
Yes, that's good to hear. When does the onward flight arrives at Portland?
It arrives at 7 pm at Portland. You can have your dinner at the airport.
Yeah, you're right. It all sounds good.
Would you like to buy these tickets?
I will consult my parents first. Please don't buy it yet.
Okay. Do you need help with anything else?
Just one more thing, please. I need to look for a place where we could stay there.
Sure. There are 10 houses that are available within the vicinity. Would you like a house with 4.2 rating that is located at 1000 Northeast Multnomah Street?
Do you have their phone number? I think I shall call them first.
+1 503-281-6111 is their phone number.
Do you know if they have laundry service?
Yes, it was mentioned here that they do have laundry service.
Thanks. May I have an option?
Yeah, sure. How about this house with 4.5 rating located at 1150 Northwest 9th Avenue.
What else do we have there? I am not really familiar with that street.
How about this one at 11550 Northeast Airport Way with a 4.2 rating?
That sounds good. That's all I need. Thank you so much!
You're welcome. It is my pleasure to help you. Bye!
check weather march 7th
what city for weather?
in seattle for me
temperature is 69 degrees and 16 percent rain
how humid though?
is is around 20 percent
sure then that works
where are you heading from and will you leave march 7th?
I wil leave on the 1st and from new york and be back the 12th of this month
American airlines outgoing is 3:40 pm and return is 4 pm and price is $315
what airport does it arrive at?
destination seattle-tacoma international airport
I will leave from atlanta, ga and united airlines
there is one united airlines flight leaving at 10:55 am and returns 4:55 pm and price is $190
what airport from?
it goes from hartsfield-jackson international airport
flight sounds good to me
should I get tickets for it?
no In am good and wanna find a house there
10 houses and one at 1000 1st avenue with 4.5 rating
house is awesome
wanna make a reservation for the house?
no thanks. that is all
it has been my pleasure. good day
Get me a detailed weather report please.
Sure, for what city?
What's going on in London UK?
It's 81 degrees there and there is a 23 % chance of rain.
Fine, get a round trip ticket for March 1st leaving ATL?
When will you return?
I'm needed back next friday.
Well, there is an American Airlines flight leaving at 8:40 pm the return flight departs at 2:05 pm. It will cost $321.
When does the initial flight arrive?
It lands around 10:44 am.
That ticket will do.
Should I buy it now?
Not now. I want a house while I'm there. There is just 1 (Me). I need laundry service available, I'm messy.
Well, there are 10 choices. How about 1 Addington Street. It's rated 4.3 stars.
That's great. thanks.
I live to serve you, enjoy.
I wanna see the weather in Olema, California please
It should be 91 degrees today with a pretty high 21 percent chance of rain
OK, what about the weather in Toronto on March 3rd?
It's 65 degrees with an even higher 58 percent chance of rain
Isi it gonna be windy and humid there?
It's around 61 percent humidity and 11 mile per hour wind speeds
OK, can you help me find a round trip to Toronto from Chicago?
You want to leave on March 3rd?
Yes that's right
And when do you wanna come back?
I wanna be back home by next Friday
There's an American Airlines flight that leaves at 4:20 pm and leaves at 10:05 am which will cost you $119
When does that fight arrive?
It arrives at 6:58 pm
Any other flights?
How bout a United Airlines flight that leaves at 2:30 pm and a return flight at 5:35 pm that's cheaper at $115
OK, great, I like that. Find me a house at my destination to stay in
OK, I found 10 that might work. How about this 4.2 rated place along 108 Chestnut Street
What else do you have?
There's a 3.0 rated place at 111 Carlton Street
OK that works for me
Do you want to make reservations for it?
No, not this second, maybe later. That's all for now
Great, just let me know.
Hi, can you tell me how the weather is in Sydney?
The current temperature is 94 degrees with a 4 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell me what the humidity will be?
The humidity index is 15 percent.
Great! Now I need your help finding round trip flight tickets.
Where are you traveling from?
I am coming from SD.
Are you interested in leaving March 1st? If so, when do you want to return to SD?
Yes March 1st will be fine and I will be returning on the 14th.
I have located 2 flights for you. Would you be interested in a $300 round trip ticket from Delta Airlines? Your outbound departure time would be 11:05 am and your return departure flight would be 5:50 pm.
What airport would I be flying out form, and does this flight have any stops?
You will fly out of Kingsford Smith International Airport and it only has 1 stop.
What is the other flight information?
The other flight is a $293 round trip ticket with United Airlines. Your outbound departure time will be 7:20 am and your return flight would depart at 10:05 pm.
Great, that one may work.
Did you want me to reserve that ticket for you?
No, I have to talk to my husband first.
No problem, did you need anything else?
Yes, Can you help me find a house to stay in while I am there.
I have 10 available houses. How about 1 Columbia Court, Baulkham Hills new South Wales 2153, Australia? It has a 4.1 star rating.
Do you have any houses that include laundy service, and it will only be for one person.
I have 9 houses that match that description. How about 1 Hosking Place. It has a 3.6 star rating.
What is the phone number there?
The number I have listed is +61 1300 633 462.
Cool, that house sounds great.
Did you want me to make the reservations for you?
No, I have to talk to my husband first. Thank you for all of your help.
It was my pleasure.
I need to check the weather in Atlanta for the March 8th.
Sure thing. The average temperature in Atlanta should be 79 degrees Fahrenheit for the day. There is a 12 percent chance of rain.
Okay thanks. How about the weather for March 11th?
The average temperature in Atlanta for the day should be around 87 degrees Fahrenheit with a 0 percent chance of rain.
Thanks. Can you also find me a round trip flight headed out there?
Would you like to leave on March 11th?
I am headed out on the 6th of March. I need seats for 2 on American Airlines.
Okay no problem. When are you coming back?
I'll be heading out of London, England and coming back on March 14th.
I found 1 convenient flight for your trip. There is an outbound American Airlines flight that leaves at 2:05 pm. The return flight will leave at 3:25 pm. The ticket price is $372.
Okay, that flight sounds good to me. Could you also find a house for me out there? I need something for 3 people rated at least 4.1 or higher.
I found 10 houses for you. There is a really nice one located at 101 Andrew Young International Boulevard Northwest with a rating of 4.1.
Awesome! That house looks great. Thanks a lot.
My pleasure. Bye for now.
Tell me what the weather is like
Which city should I check for?
Check for Chicago
The temperature is expected to be 73 degrees with a 29 percent chance of rain.
Okay, I also need a round trip flight going there.
Would you be traveling on March 1st?
Yes, that is correct
What is your departure station?
We are 3 people leaving from Paris, France
When would you be returning?
I would be returning on 11th of this month. Is there a delta airlines flight available?
I found 1 delta airlines flight that leaves at 11:20 pm. Its return flight leaves at 6:40 pm and costs $237
Sounds good to me.
Should I book the tickets?
No, will do that later. I also want to find a house to stay there.
There are 10 houses available. There is a 4.4 rated house at 1 south franklin street
Show me other options, it needs to have laundry service. I want to book one for two people.
There is a 4.5 rated house at 1 west wacker drive
Anything else you have?
How about a 4.2 rated place at 10 east grand avenue?
that sounds good
Should I make the booking?
No, will do that later as well.
Can I help with anything else?
No, thanks anyway.
Have a great day today
Tell me the weather in NYC please.
A 37 percent chance of it raining and temperatures around 66 Fahrenheit.
Is there anything about the wind there?
Yes, 12 miles per hour average winds.
Alright, thank you.
Can I be of any further assistance?
Yes, I need a round trip flight there on the 1st of March. I'd like to use American Airlines, if possible.
Where do you need to catch that flight from. How long do you anticipate being gone?
I need to catch the plane in London. I am hoping to return on the 12th of this month.
I was able to find you one with American Airlines. The departure time is 2:05 pm and you would catch your flight back at 6:15 pm and a seat will cost you $295.
Excellent work, now I need a place to stay, find a house there please.
There is a house with a 4.4 rating, its supposed to be quite nice, the address is 100 Greenwich Street.
Perfect house, dismissed.
I have enjoyed the opportunity to assist you. Goodbye.
What is the weather like?
In which city?
New York City
The temperature is 66 degrees Fahrenheit, with 37 percent chance of rain.
Great. I want a round trip flight heading there.
Where would you be leaving from and when would you like to return? You are planning to leave on March 1st?
That would be fine. I will be leaving Seattle, WA and returning on March 3rd.
There are 3 suitable flights. Delta Airlines has an outbound fight at 3:15 pm which returns at 6 am. The cost of the ticket is $301.
Is there anything else?
There is a Southwest Airlines flight that leaves at 5:25 am and returns at 8:40 am. The cost is $356
Is there anything else? I would like an economy seat when I return on the 13th of this month.
There are 2 suitable options. American Airlines has a flight that leaves at 4 pm and returns at 6:05 am. The cost of the ticket is $297
What airport would it be leaving from and is it a refundable ticket?
The flight would be leaving Seattle-Tacoma International Airport and the ticket is not refundable.
That fight seems great. I would also need to find a house there.
There is a nice one located on 100 Greenwich street with a rating of 4.4
That would work.
Would you like to reserve the house?
Not now. That"s all for now?
No problem. Bye
I'm on my way to the family reunion. Would you use your great mind to tell me the weather in Atlanta on March 7th?
Sure. Besides showing a 26 percent rain forecast, it looks like the temperature during the day will average 83 degrees.
I see. I'll go ahead and check out flight reservations now. Would you look up a round-trip flight for me to get there, please?
I'll be happy to, and when do you want to return?
I'll be returning here on the 10th of March.
So, would you like to fly out on March 7th?
That's a good time.
What's the airport you want for your departure?
Let's fly out of New York.
I can take care of that. Do you want a ticket for an American Airlines flight, leaving at 11:20 am and returning at 6:25 am, costing $140?
That seems like the flight for me, thanks.
Do you want to get your ticket now?
Nope, I'll chill on that for a bit.
Do you need more information?
I do. I need to find a house for my stay there?
Okay. We have a house with a 4.3 rating located at 101 Andrew Young International Boulevard Northwest. That's one option among 10 available houses.
Hmm, that's a good choice.
Do you want to set up a reservation at that house?
I think I'll wait on that, too. That's all for now. Appreciate that.
Of course. Enjoy your day.
I want to know how the weather is going to be in LAX on March 5th.
The average temperature in your requested location should be 87 degrees Fahrenheit, with a chance of raining at 12 percent.
Alright, fine. I would like for you to find a round trip flight to go there.
Can you tell me, from where you will depart? Are you willing to depart on March 5th?
I will be departing this Sunday from Atlanta, and I want to fly with Delta Airlines.
Can you tell me when will you be returning?
I want to return on 7th of March, and I do not mind which class the ticket will be.
There is 1 convenient flight for the journey you want to have. The flight is with Delta Airlines and it leaves at 5:40 pm, and when it returns it departs at 8:40 pm. The ticket for this flight costs $190.
This flight seems nice to me.
Do you want to book tickets for this flight?
No, I don't want to buy tickets for this flight.
Is there something else I can do for you?
I would like to have a place to sleep there, so I need to find a house.
There are 10 houses which you can choose from. One of the houses has a rating of 4.2 and is located at 1020 South Figueroa Street.
Can you check if the house has laundry service? Can you give me the phone number, I can use to call them?
I can confirm that the house has laundry service. If you want to call them you can at +1 213-748-1291.
This house seems nice. That would be all.
I enjoy helping you. Good bye!
What's the weather for Sydney please.
Average temperature in Sydney is 94 degrees. I show a 4 percent chance of rain.
What's the humidity expected to be?
Humidity is going to be around 15 percent.
Dang, let's go ahead and search round trip flights there.
Great, would you please confirm if you wanted to leave on March 1st and for how long you would like to stay? Do you know where you would like to depart from?
I would like to fly out of Phoenix and stay until the 7th of March.
I found 2 flight options for you. Delta Airlines has an outbound flight at 11:55 am and a return flight departing at 5:50 pm. Ticket is $312.
That will do just fine.
Should I proceed and purchase this ticket?
No, don't.
No problem. Could you use my assistance with anything else?
Locate a rental house there with laundry service available. Please ensure the ratings are 4.5 or higher.
I did locate one unit at 110 Cumberland Street, The Rocks New South Wales 2000, Australia with a rating of 4.5
Can you find other options please.
How about 12 Darling Drive with a rating 4.5.
This will do.
Should we reserve this?
No, not yet. Good bye.
Alright, Have a wonderful day. Bye.
I want to check the weather for March 12th.
Where should I check the weather?
Check the weather in Chicago on March 5th.
The average temperature will be 71 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 28 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be? And how humid?
The humidity is around 40 percent while the average wind speed will be around 5 miles per hour.
Oh, okay. Could you find a round trip flight that is going there? I'd like to leave on the 1st. There are three people total in my group.
Where do you want to leave from?
I'm leaving from Seattle, WA.
When would you like to return?
I'd like to return on the 14th of March.
I have found 4 flights that would work for you. There's an American Airlines flight that leaves at 4 pm and returns at 2:50 pm. It costs $258.
Are there any other flights available?
There's a Delta Airlines flight that leaves at 11:50 pm and returns at 3:35 pm. The ticket costs $207.
That sounds great.
Should I buy tickets for it?
No, not right now.
Is there anything else I can help with?
I'd like to find a house to stay at there. I want one that has a 4.5 rating or higher. There are four people total.
There are 10 houses available. One nice option is located at 1 West Wacker Drive and has a rating of 4.5
This would work great.
Would you like to make the reservation?
No, not right now.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that'll be all. Thanks so much!
It was my pleasure. Bye for now!
I would like information on the weather
Which city do you want information for?
I would like to know the weather in New York City
Average temperature: 66 degrees Fahrenheit. Chance of rain: 37 percent
What percentage of humidity is expected?
Around 41 percent
Ok. I need a round trip flight to go there for one people, any class should be fine. The city of departure is Paris.
What is the return date?
I want to come back on March 14th
Is the departure date March 1st?
Yes, it is.
There are 2 flights. Delta Airlines flight leaves at 10 am. The return flight is at 10:50 pm. Ticket costs $276
Ok, It's nice for me! I need a house to stay there, with laundry service.
I found a house at 100 Greenwich Street with rating 4.4
Ok, It's good!
Do you want to reserve this house?
Not now, thanks
Do you need anything else?
No, It's all. Thanks!
Have a good day!
What's the weather like on March 10th?
In what city, exactly?
Specifically in CDMX.
It should be about 96 degrees Fahrenheit there, with a 3 percent chance of rain.
Thanks. How about the weather in Atlanta, GA?
Atlanta? It should be about 88 degrees Fahrenheit with a 19 percent chance of rain.
Good to know. Can you get a round trip flight there for me?
When will you be back?
My group of one returns on the 12th of this month.
Will you head out on March 10th?
No. The 5th.
What place will you leave from?
I'll be leaving Chicago.
I found 3 flights that suit your needs. One of them is an American Airlines flight that leaves at 8:40 pm and returns at 9:15 pm. A ticket costs $129.
Sounds good! I also want to find a house in the area.
You might like the house at 101 Andrew Young International Boulevard Northwest, which has a rating of 4.3.
Great! That's all I need from you.
Glad to help you out. Goodbye.
Please check the weather.
What city?
San Fran.
The average is 91 degrees with a 29 percent chance of rain.
How humid?
The humidity is about 49 percent.
Ok, I also need a round trip flight there.
When are you coming back? Where are you leaving from? Are you leaving on March 1st?
Yes. I am leaving from Phoenix, AZ and coming back on the 14th.
I found 4 options, first is American Airlines that leaves at 7:35 am and the return flight arrives at 8:10 am. The ticket price is $182.
Sounds good.
Are you ready to buy tickets?
No, not yet. I need a house for 1 person.
I found 10 homes including 1095 Market Street with a rating on 3.7.
That is cool. That it it.
Have a nice day.
Can you get me the weather forecast for New Delhi on March 13th?
There is a 0 percent chance of rain with a high temperature of 100 degrees!
Thanks. Can you check American Airlines for a round trip flight to New Delhi? I'd like to return on the 14th of this month.
Will you be leaving March 13th? What is your departure city?
I will leaving from Atlanta, GA on March 3rd.
American Airlines has a flight departing Atlanta at 2:30 pm. The return flight departs New Delhi at 9:20 am. Tickets are $431.
What time does the onward flight arrive? Does the flight depart from Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport?
Yes the flight departs from Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport. Onward flight arrives at 8:39 pm.
That sounds very good. Can you find a house for me to stay in?
I found 10 houses. There is one with a 4.5 rating at 12, Doctor APJ Abdul Kalam Road, New Delhi.
That sounds perfect to me
Shall I make a reservation?
Not now. Thanks but thats all I need
Have a nice day.
Give me a weather report.
What city shall I search?
Give me ATL.
Well, high will be 86 F. There is only a 28 % chance.
How windy is it there?
Not too, about 11 MPH.
Fine, go ahead and get me a round trip ticket. I want to return on the 6th.
Do you want to leave on March 1st? Where ware you leaving from?
That's great, I'm leaving from Vancouver.
Delta Airlines has a flight leaving at 3:20 am. It comes back at 3:20 pm. It's going to cost you $268.
Are there any more reasonably timed ones?
Well, how about United Airlines, leaving at 3:15 am. It's return is 6:15 am. The cost is $230.
When will it leave? Can I get a refund if I oversleep?
No refunds. The onward flight arrives around 11:56 am.
The times are better. I need a place to stay.
I suggest one of these 10. Try 101 Andrew young International Boulevard Northwest. The rating is 4.3
That's great, that's all.
I have pleasure in assisting you.
What's the weather for NYC on March 2nd?
The temperature should be around 57 degrees Fahrenheit. The chance of rain is 29 percent.
How windy will it be? How humid will it be?
Humidity will be around 26 percent. Wind should be around 6 miles per hour.
Thank you.
Would you like anything else?
I'd like a round trip flight for there.
When will you be back? Where are you departing from?
I'm departing from Vancouver, BC and I wanna come back on March 13th.
Would you like to leave on March 2nd?
Yes, that's fine.
A Delta Airlines flight is available. The outbound flight takes off at 2:50 am and the return flight takes off at 6 am. The cost is $315.
That seems fine. I'd also like a place to stay that has laundry services. The place should have at least a 4.6 rating.
I found 10 houses for you. There's a house at 120 West 41st Street with a 4.6 raing.
That's a good one. That is all.
I appreciate you. Goodbye.
Can you check the weather on March 2nd in KL for me?
I can do that - it will be 101 Fahrenheit with a 3 percent chance of rain.
Oh, that's hot. How windy?
It will be at 3 miles per hour.
Alright - can you get me a round trip flight for March 2nd 2019? I'm alone, so 1 person traveling.
Where are you leaving from?
I'm leaving from SF - can you get me refundable tickets? I don't have everything hammered out yet.
What day are you returning?
I'm coming back on the 8th of March.
Alright, I've got 1 possibility here: American Airlines has an outbound flight at 5:20 am, returning 5:05 am for $402.
Where does it leave from?
It leaves from SFO International Airport.
When does the other flight arrive?
It will arrive at 5:08 pm.
Can you also find me a house to stay at while I'm there?
Sure: I've got 10 houses here, how about 1, Jalan 2/142a, Taman Len Seng, 56000 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan? It has a 3.8 rating.
That sounds good.
Would you like to book this house?
No thanks, not right now.
Can I help you with anything else?
That's it for now.
Have a great trip.
I need to check the weather for the March 3rd in Phoenix.
The temperature will be 94 degrees and there is a 10 percent chance of rain.
How humid is it going to be, and will it be windy?
The humidity is low, around 27 percent and the winds will be light at 4 mph.
Okay. Can you help me find a round trip flight there?
Are you leaving on March 3rd, and when are you planning to return?
I am leaving this Saturday and returning on Monday next week.
Where do you want to leave from?
I am leaving from ATL.
I found 2 flights on Southwest Airlines for you. The first outbound flight leaves at 12:05 pm and the return flight departs at 10:55 pm. The cost is $198 per ticket.
Are there any other flights available?
There is one on United Airlines that departs at 9:40 am and the return flight leaves at 7:15 am. The cost is $311 per ticket.
How many stops does it have and what airport does it arrive at?
It has 1 stop and it arrives at Sky Harbor International Airport.
That flight sounds good to me.
Should I purchase tickets for it?
No thank you. I do want to find a house to stay there. I want it to have a rating of 4.3 or higher.
I found 10 houses for you. The first is located at 10 East Thomas Road and has a rating of 4.3.
This house sounds great.
Would you like a reservation for this house?
No thank you.That is all I need.
Okay, have a great day.
Find out what the weather will be like in NYC on March 2nd.
On that day the average temperature will be 57 degrees fahrenheit and there is a 29 percent chance of rain.
How humid will it be?
The humidity will be around 26 percent.
How windy will it be?
The wind speed should be about 6 miles per hour.
Okay, would you look for a round trip flight going there?
When will you come back? I want to leave March 2nd.
I will leave on 1st of March and want to return on 7th of March.
When will you leave?
I will leave from Seattle, WA in economy.
I have 4 convenient flights for you. There is an American Airlines flight that leaves at 4 pm. The return flight leaves at 3:40 pm. This ticket costs $311.
That flight sounds good. I will need a house to stay in there. I need laundry service and this rating should be about 4.3 or higher.
I have 10 houses for you. There is a nice one at 100 Greenwich Street with a 4.3 rting.
That sounds good but that is all I need for now.
It was a pleasure to assist you. Goodbye.
Tell me about the weather in San Francisco on March 7th
The temperature is expected to be around 74 degrees with a 9 percent chance of rain.
What about humidity and wind?
The humidity is expected to be 17 percent with a wind speed of 7 miles per hour
What is the status of new york city on March 13th?
The temperature is expected around 59 degrees with a 33 percent chance of rain.
Okay, I also need a round trip flight for four people on march 11th leaving from Vancouver, BC
What is your return date?
I hope to get back by 14th of march.
There is a delta airlines flight that leaves at 3:20 am. It's return flight leaves at 6 am and the ticket cost is $333
Which is the departure airport?
It departs from YVR international airport.
Can you show me some more flights?
Sorry, I couldn;t find other flights.
Try searching again, in premium economy this time
I found 1 united airlines flight that leaves at 3:15 am. The return flight departs at 8:20 am and the ticket costs $491.
Is it a refundable flight?
No, that is non refundable.
Okay, it still works
Should I purchase tickets.
No, I would do that later.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, I also need a house to stay there.
There are 10 houses I could find. There's a good place with 4.4 rating at 100 greenwich street
Sounds perfect. That's all I need. Thanks!
Pleasure, Have a great trip. Enjoy!
What is the weather forecast for the March 1st?
What city do you want the forecast for?
I want to check the weather in San Diego.
It is forecasted to be 90 degrees that day with a 1 percent chance of rain.
Thanks. I need to book a roundtrip flight there.
When will you be returning?
I need to return on March 6th.
Where do you want to depart from?
I will be leaving from Vegas.
Is March 1st the day you would like to leave?
Yes, that's right.
There are 3 flights avaiable that day. American Airlines has a flight for $96 that departs at 7:15 pm and the return flight leaves at 4:40 pm.
How many layovers are there and is this a refundable ticket?
Yes, the ticket is refundable and has 0 stops.
That flight will work. Next I need to find a vacation house to rent.
I found a house with a 4.6 rating at 1003 Coast Boulevard, La Jolla, California 92037, United States.
What other houses are available?
Yiu might like 10044 Pacific Mesa Boulevard. It has a 4.5 star rating
Did yu find any others?
Yes, a nice house with a 4.4 star rating is available at 1047 Fifth Avenue.
That one sounds good. That's all I needed to do for now.
I'm happy to help. Have a nice day!
Hello! Can you tell me what the weather forecast is for Portland, OR today?
Hello, I'd be happy to help. It is predicted to be 75 degrees Fahrenheit with a 9 percent chance of rain.
Nice! Can you help me find a round trip flight to get there?
Will you be leaving on March 1st?
Yes, that's when I want to go.
When will you be returning?
I need to be back home by the 9th of this month.
Which city are you departing from?
I will be flying out of SD.
I have 3 options that might interest you. The first is an Alaska Airlines flight for $155 that leaves at 1:20 pm and returns at 5:40 pm.
I'd like to hear some other options.
If you prefer Delta Airlines, there is a flight for $148 that leaves at 9:20 pm and returns at 4:40 pm.
This one will work better for me. Can you help me find a house to stay at?
I have located a rental at 1000 Northeast Multnomah Street with a 4.2 average rating.
That will be perfect.
Do you wish to make your reservation at this time?
No, I need to check with a few people first.
What else can I assist you with?
I think that will be all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Enjoy your night.
I am planning for an outing. Do you have information about weather?
Which city's weather report do you want?
I would like to get weather status of Redwood City on March 7th.
The average temperature is reported to be 73 degrees Fahrenheit and only 1 percent chance of rain.
Nice, What is the status of weather in Atlanta, on March 12th?
There 19 percent chance for shower is reported with average temperature of 78 degrees Fahrenheit.
What will be condition of humidity?
18 percent humidity is forecast.
Great. Is there any trip flight on 2nd of March with Economy class. I would like to return on March 12th 2019.
Where is embarkation location?
We 4 people will embark from LAX.
There is one flight of American Airlines at 5:25 pm which returns at 2:30 pm. You will cost $168 as fare.
What is the time when the return flight arriving? Does it have zero layovers.
It will arrive at 4:29 pm with 0 stops.
That sounds good.
Shall I ensure your seats now?
No, not needed. Try to find a house for me to stay there.
You can choose from 10 houses available there. One is at 101 Andrew Young International Boulevard Northwest with 4.3 rating.
Do you have any contact number? Do they provide laundry service?
You can ring them on +1 404-524-5555. You will get laundry service.
What about other houses?
Another suitable one is at 1065 Peachtree Street Northeast with rating of 4.5
I think I can choose that one.
Then can I proceed with reserving it for you?
No, Not now.thank you.
Welcome, have a great day.
Can you please check the weather for me in Delhi on March 3rd?
There's a 2 percent chance of rain with an average temperature of 92 degrees Fahrenheit.
Is it going to be humid or windy?
The average wind speed will be 7 mph and humidity will be around 16 percent.
OK, can you please find me a round trip flight to there?
You're flying out on March 3rd, right. Please tell me when do you plan to come back and where are you flying out of.
I plan to fly out of Atlanta later today, returning on the 10th of this month.
There's an American Airlines flight at 2:30 pm priced at $415 which takes of to return at 1:45 pm.
Please tell me if the flight has 1 stop and also when does the return flight land.
The flight has 1 stop and the return flight lands at 8:21 pm.
Sounds perfect for me.
Do you want me to get tickets for you?
No, thank you.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Please find me a house there rated 4.1 or higher for 4 persons.
There are 10 houses meeting your criteria, out of which I recommend 12, Doctor APJ Abdul Kalam Road, New Delhi rated at 4.1
Do you know if they provide laundry service?
Yes, they do have laundry service.
Anything else available.
There's also the nice 12, Mangalam Place, Sector 3, Rohini, New Delhi rated at 4.1
Sounds awesome. That will be all for now!
My pleasure. Have a nice day!
What is the weather going to be like on March 14th?
What city do you want to check the weather for?
Portland.
The average temperature should be 57 degrees Fahrenheit with a 13 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy is it going to be?
The humidity is expected to be around 20 percent with a wind speed around 6 miles per hour.
Can you find me a round trip flight there? I'd prefer to travel in Economy.
When do you plan to come back? Do you plan to leave on March 14th?
I am leaving on the 9th and want to return on March 14th.
Where will you be leaving from?
I'm leaving from SD.
I found 3 possible flights for you. Would you like to fly with Alaska Airlines? It departs at 1:20 pm and returns at 5:40 pm and the price per ticket is $128.
That sounds good. Can you help me find a house to stay at while I'm there?
There's a house located at 1000 Northeast Multnomah Street that is rated 4.2 stars.
Are there any other houses available?
There's a house located at 1150 Northwest 9th Avenue that is rated 4.5 stars.
That house is great, that's all I need.
Have a good day.
Can you check the weather in San Francisco for March 1st?
It will be 91 degrees with a 29 percent chance of rain.
How humid is it?
Humidity is 49 percent.
How about March 9th?
It is 70 degrees with a 2 percent chance of rain.
How humid is it?
Humidity is 16 percent.
Thanks, I need a round trip flight to there.
What are your dates and departure city?
I leave London, UK and arrive back March 11th.
Is your departure March 9th.
Departure is 6th of this month.
I have an American Airlines flight that leaves at 3:05 pm and returns at 7:05 am for $399.
I like that and need a house too.
I have a 3.7 rated house at 1095 Market Street.
Does it have laundry and phone number?
Yes it has laundry and phone is +1 415-829-0000.
That is all I need.
Nice to help and enjoy.
I need to check the weather in Vancouver on the the 10th.
Okay. The average temperature that day will be around 68 degrees Fahrenheit with a 25 percent chance of rain.
What's the wind and humidity going to be like?
There will be around 26 percent humidity with an average wind speed of 6 miles per hour.
Okay thanks for the info. Can you help me find a round trip flight headed out that way? I'd prefer to fly with Delta Airlines.
No problem. Where will you be departing from and when do you want to return?
I'll be flying out of NYC and want to leave on the 10th of March 2019.
Just to be clear, you want to leave on March 10th correct?
I'm leaving the day after tomorrow.
Okay, I found 1 convenient flight for you. There is a Delta Airlines flight departing at 6 am with a return flight departing at 2:50 am. The tickets are $301.
Which airport will is the flight taking off from? When does the onward flight arrive?
The flight departs from JFK International Airport and the onward flight arrives at 11:11 am.
Okay, that flight sounds good to me.
Should I go ahead and order your tickets?
No, I'm good for now. You can help me find a house to stay in though. Find me something for one person with a rating of around 3.7 or higher.
Okay, there is one nice house located at 1018 Granville Street with a 3.7 star rating.
Okay, that house sounds great.
Want to make a reservation?
No not right. That'll be all for today. Thanks for the info.
It was my pleasure. Goodbye.
Check the weather on March 2nd
Which place should i check
Check in Phoenix, AZ
the average temperature is 72 degrees Fahrenheit and 11 percent chance of rain
What about the wind and humidity?
The humidity is around 31 percent and average wind speed is 9 miles per hour
Okay good.
Do you need anything else?
Find a round trip flight to there from Seattle
Are you leaving on March 2nd? When will you come back?
No. I am leaving on 1st of March and returning on the 10th
There are 3 flights. How about American Airlines leaving at 8:15 am and returning at 6:15 am. The cost is $240
What is the arrival time of return flight?
The arrival time is 10:36 am
What is the arrival time of onward flight?
It is 1:38 pm
That's good
Do you want to book ticket?
No Thanks. Find a house to stay there
There are 10 houses. How about 10 east Thomas Road which has 4.6 rating
that's great
do you want to reserve?
No Not now
Do you need anything else?
No. thank you
You are welcome
Ah, I forgot I'm going to San Fran on March 5th. Can you check the weather that day for me?
Sure, looks like it will be 87 degrees Fahrenheit with a 23 percent chance of rain.
Sounds good. I still need to book my flight - can you find a round trip ticket for me?
Sure, from March 5th until when? Also, where will you be flying out from?
I'd be flying out Saturday this week from Toronto, Canada, and returning next Thursday.
Ok, there's 2 flights that might work for you. I found an American Airlines flight for $313 that leaves at 5:55 am and returns at 7:05 am.
What else is there? I usually fly United Airlines and I might come back on the 14th of March instead.
Ok, I found 1 United Airlines flight for $302 leaving at 5:35 pm and returning at 5:35 am.
That one sounds good. I also need to find a rental house to stay while I'm there.
Ok, I found 10 available for the dates of your trips. There's one on 1095 Market Street that's 3.7 stars.
Are there other ones 3.7 stars or higher?
Yes, there are 10 options. How about 1100 Market Street Hotel Entrance is at, 45 McAllister Street? It has 3.7 stars also.
That sounds perfect. I'll book it later. That's all for now.
No problem. Have a good day.
What is the weather supppose to be in Kuala Lumpur on March 10th?
It is suppose to be 90 degrees with a 5 percent chance of rain.
How windy?
11 MPH.
How humid?
Around 22 percent.
Ok, I need a round trip flight there.
When are you coming back?
I am coming home March 10th 2019.
Do you want to leave on March 10th?
I am leaving from San Fran next Thursday.
I found an American Airlines flight leaving from 5:20 am the return flight leaves at 5:05 am. The cost is $448.
Cool, I'll also need a home.
I found 10 options including 1, Jalan 2/142a, Taman Len Seng, 56000 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan is rated 3.8.
That is perfect.
Have a nice day.
I want to know how the weather is in Portland, OR.
From what I can see the average temperature in your requested location should be 75 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 9 percent chance of rain.
Alright, fine. I also need you to find me a round trip flight going there. I will be returning on March 5th.
From where you will depart?
I will be departing for my trip from Seattle, WA.
Would you be willing to leave on March 1st?
Alright, that seems right.
There are 2 convenient flights for the trip you want to have. There is one flight with the American Airlines which departs at 8:05 am, and the return flight leaves at 6 am. The ticket for this flight is $78.
Can you check if there are some other flights which you can suggest?
There is also an United Airlines flight with the outbound flight departing at 4:15 am, and with the return flight leaving at 7:15 am. The flight ticket will cost you $77.
This flight seems good to me. Though now I need to find a place to sleep there, so I want you to find me a house there.
There are 10 houses which match what you want. One good house with a rating of 4.2 is located at 1000 Northeast Multnomah Street.
Can you suggest some other houses? I am looking for a house with a rating of 4.6 or higher.
There are 6 houses which match what you requested. A nice house with a rating of 4.6 is located at 2025 Northwest Northrup Street.
This house seems nice.
Do you want to book this house now?
No, I do not want to make a reservation at this moment. That would be all.
I enjoy helping you. Good bye!
I would like information on the weather
Which city do you want the information for?
For Sydney, Australia. What will the weather be like on March 7th?
Average temperature: 89 degrees Fahrenheit. Chance of rain: 4 percent
Ok, thank you! I need a round trip flight to go there
For March 7th? What is the city of departure? What is the return date?
I'm leaving on next Tuesday from SFO. The return date is 14th of March
There's 1 convenient United Airlines flight at 1:25 pm. The return flight is at 6:10 am. The ticket costs $233
What is the destination airport? What time the next arrive?
Kingsford Smith International Airport. It arrives at 1:06 pm
Ok, It's good for me. I need a house to stay there
What about 1 Columbia Court, Baulkham Hills New South Wales 2153, Australia? Its rating is 4.1
Yes, It's nice!
Do you want to book this home?
Not now, please. That's all
It's a pleasure!
What is the weather like on next Tuesday?
In which city should I check?
The Seattle, WA weather please.
The average temperature is 61 degrees and there is an 18 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy?
The average wind will be 15 mph.
Okay, I also need a round trip flight.
Do you leave on March 5th?
I am leaving on March 3rd and returning on the 11th of March. Any airline is fine.
Where will you depart from?
I will be departing from Atlanta.
I found 4 flights. How about American Airlines which leaves at 11:40 am and returns at 9:45 pm. The total is $259.
What else did you find?
Delta Airlines has an outbound flight at 4:20 pm which returns at 11:50 pm and costs $192.
When are the arrival times for both flights?
The return flight will be arriving at 8:22 am and the departing flight arrives at 6:52 pm.
What else do you have available?
How about Southwest Airlines? They have a departing flight at 7:20 pm and returning flight at 5:40 am for $188.
That sounds great thanks.
Should I reserve tickets?
No not right now thanks.
Can I help with anything else?
I need a house with laundry service that is rated at least 4.4 for 2 people.
How about 1000 1st Avenue which has a 4.4 rating?
That's good, thank you.
My pleasure, enjoy your trip.
Please check the weather on March 6th.
Which city?
Dublin.
It's going to be 92 degrees Fahrenheit with 7 percent chance of rain.
How about in Philadelphia on March 11th?
It's going to be 72 degrees Fahrenheit with 10 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy it's gonna be?
Humidity is around 33 percent and wind speed should be 11 miles per hour.
Okay, please help me find a round trip going there.
Will you leave on March 11th until what date? And where you are coming from?
I want to leave on 3rd of March from New Delhi until March 11th. I want United Airlines.
I got 1 trip with United Airlines and the price is $316. Outbound flight leaves at 12:35 pm and returns at 4:45 am.
Does it have 1 stops?
Yes, 1 stops.
That's great.Please find a house for 1 people there with 4.0 rating.
I found 10 houses available and one is 1 Logan Square with 4.0 rating.
That's excellent!
Will I reserve you this house?
Not for now.
Okay, bye.
I'd like to check the weather on the March 14th.
For which city please?
I'd like to check Philadelphia.
Philadelphia will have an average temperature of 84 degrees Fahrenheit that day with an 8 percent possibility of precipitation.
Thank you. I'm going to need a round trip flight to Philadelphia with a return on the 14th of March 2019. I don't care which class I'm flying in.
You'd like a March 14th return? Where are you departing from?
I'll be leaving from Washington on the 8th of this month.
There's a slight on American Airlines leaving at 5:10 PM and returning at 9:45 AM which costs $151.
I think that will work.
What else may I help you with?
I need to find a house where I can stay.
I've got 10 possibilities that you might like. There's a house at 1 Logan Square which is rated 4.4.
What else is there?
There's a house at 100 North Christopher Columbus Boulevard with a 4.1 rating.
I'd like to stick with 4.4 rating or above and I also need laundry service. What else is there?
I've got 4 possibilities, one of them a very nice house located at 1001 Intrepid Avenue with a 4.4 rating.
May I have the phone number?
Absolutely, it's +1 215-644-9200.
I think that will be great.
Should I reserve that for you?
Not at the moment. I think I'm all set.
Thank you very much.
What is the weather in Kuala Lumpur on March 3rd?
It is suppose to be 93 degrees with a 8 percent chance of rain.
I need a round trip flight for four people leaving from Seattle on American Airlines.
When are you returning? Are you leaving on March 3rd?
Yes, I want to return next Thursday.
I found American Airlines flight leaving at 4:55 am and the return flight leaves at 5:05 am. The ticket price is $355.
Sounds good! We also need a house to stay at.
I found 10 options including 1, Jalan 2/142a, Taman Len Seng, 56000 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan. It is rating 3.8.
That sounds perfect, that is all I need for now.
Have a nice day.
Can you check the weather in Chi-town for March 3rd?
The weather should be 67 degrees with a 36 percent chance of rain.
Can you find me a round trip flight?
Do you want to leave on March 3rd?
Yes, I would like to leave on that day.
When are you coming back and where are you leaving from?
I'm leaving from Ciudad de Mexico and would like to go on Wednesday next week.
There are 3 flights. One is American Airlines that leave at 8:05 am and returns at 5:20 pm for the cost of $300.
That flight sounds good to me.
Would you like to purchase a ticket?
No, I just wanted the information.
Can I help with anything else?
I would like to find a house for one person.
There are 10 houses. There is one at 1 South Franklin Street with a rating of 4.4.
This house sounds great.
Would you like to reserve this house?
No, I just wanted the information.
Have a good day.
What's it like outside? In Anaheim, CA.
It's 78 degrees with a 29 percent chance of rain.
And the humidity?
45 percent humidity.
Lets check NY for 1st of March.
It averages 66 degrees there with a 37 percent rain probability.
What about wind and humidity.
Humidity? 41 percent. Wind speed should be around 12 mph.
Great. Can you check round trip flights there for March 1st 2019?
And what return date?
Make it the 6th.
You'll be taking off from where?
That'll be From LA.
So, I see 3 flights. There's a 6:20 pm American Airlines flight for $253. It takes-off at 7:45 pm for the flight back.
How many stops? One? Two?
Just 1 stop.
Can I return the ticket? And where does it leave from?
No refunds. It takes-off from LAX International Airport.
This sounds like a winner.
Should I grab it for you?
No yet. Find me a crib to crash in.
I see 10 houses. 100 Greenwich Street looks nice. Its rated at 4.4.
What else? Make sure its a 4.1 or higher.
How about 100-15 Ditmars Boulevard, East Elmhurst, NY 11369, USA? 4.1 on the rating scale.
Yeah, I like this one.
So, book it?
No. Hold on.
OK. wWat's up?
Nothing. Just chill. I'm set for now.
Great. I'll be over here chilling if you need me.
Please check the weather in Phoenix, AZ for March 9th
There is a 21 percent chance of rain with average temperature of 76 degrees.
Will it be windy?
Forecast for wind speed is 6 miles per hour.
What about humidity?
Humidity is at 31 percent.
Thanks. Can you find me a round trip flight to Phoenix, AZ ? I need to be back home on March 9th.
What city will you depart from?
I will be departing from SF
If you need to return March 9th, what day do you wish to leave?
On the 5th of this month.
I located 4 flights. American Airlines has a flight to Phoenix, AZ departing at 8:10 am. The return flight departs at 6:15 am. Tickets are $167 each
That flight will work.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes. I need to find a house in to Phoenix, AZ for my visit.
There are 10 homes available. A very nice house, with a 4.6 rtaing, is located at 10 East Thomas Road.
Do you have a contact number? Does it say if they offer laundry service?
Yes, laundry service is available. Their telephone is +1 602-222-1111.
Are there other houses/
Yes. There is one at 10210 North 26th Drive. with a 3.8 rating.
That one will work better. That is all I need for now.
Have a nice day
I'd like to check the weather for 7th of March.
For which city?
In New York city.
The average temperature seems to be 65 degrees fahrenheit. There is a 15 % chance of rain.
Could you find me a flight for there on delta airlines?
Where will you leave from, and do you want to leave on march 7th?
I am leaving monday next week from LA.
When are you coming back/
Friday next week
I found 1 flight for your trip. It's a delta airlines lfight leaving at 1:40 pm and returning at 7:30 am, costing $259.
That sounds good to me.
Would you like to buy tickets?
No thanks. I want to find a house to stay there.
There are 10 houses available. How about 100 greenwich street, rated 4.4
Sounds good to me.
Would you like a reservation?
No thanks.
Do you need anything else?
No, thanks for the help.
It's my pleasure. Bye.
I want you to check the Phoenix weather.
The temperature for the day will be around 89 degrees fahrenheit and there is a 15 percent chance of rain.
Okay, great. Could you look for a round trip flight going there?
Where will you leave from? Is March 1st the day you are leaving? When will you come back?
That sounds great. I am leaving from Las Vegas and want to return on the 14th of this month.
How about this Delta Airlines flight? The outbound flight departs at 4:45 pm and the return leaves at 12:15 pm. It costs $98.
That sounds amazing. I want to find a house to stay in there.
There are 10 suitable houses. There is one nice house at 10 East Thomas Road that has a 4.6 rating.
That house sounds perfect.
Do you need a reservation for this house?
No, not right now.
Anything else I can assist with?
No, thank you for helping.
It was my pleasure. Goodbye.
What will the weather be like in LAX on March 3rd?
Average temperature: 89 degrees Fahrenheit. Chance of rain: 0 percent
It's fantastic! I need a round trip flight to go there. The return is scheduled for the 9th of this month
Is the departure date March 3rd?
I want to leave today
What is the city of departure?
The city of departure is New York
There are 4 flights. The American Airlines flight leaves at 3:40 pm. The return flights is at 6:20 pm. The ticket costs $242
It's perfect for me! I need a house to stay there
I found a house at 1020 South Figueroa Street with a rating 4.2
There's a laundry service? What's the phone number?
Yes, there's a laundry service. The number is +1 213-748-1291
I like this house
Do you want to book this house?
Not now, thanks! It's all for now!
It's a pleasure helping you.
Find out what the weather is like in Toronto, Ontario.
It will be averaging a temperature of about 58 degrees Fahrenheit and the possibility of rain is at 13 percent.
All good. Find me a round trip flight to that place. I will be on vacation.
Will you leave on March 1st? What place will you be departing from?
Yeah that will work. I am taking off from Atlanta, GA.
When do you plan on returning?
I will be returning on the 14th.
So I found you 3 flights that are good. You have an American Airlines plane that is outbound at 3:25 pm. The return plane will take off at 10:05 am. You can pay $226 for the ticket.
What time does the onward flight land?
The landing time of the onward flight will be at 8:28 pm.
Will I be able to refund the ticket? What airport will the flight take off from?
The ticket isn't for refunding. The plane will leave from Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport.
This flight will do for me. I need a house to stay in that place. I am only one person.
Out of the 10 houses I found you, can I suggest the nice one at 108 Chestnut Street which has a rating of 4.2?
Get me the phone number of this property.
Their contact number is +1 416-977-5000.
Can you find me other houses?
I found a nice house at 111 Carlton Street and is rated 3.0.
Look for another house.
How do you like this nice house at 111 Lombard Street with a rating of 3.9?
Get me the phone number of this property.
Their contact number is +1 416-367-5555.
I really like this house. That will do.
Glad to help out. Take care.
Would you mind checking the LA weather for me?
Of course. LA temperatures will average 76 degrees Fahrenheit with the chance of rain coming in at 28 percent.
What does the humidity look like?
Approximately 75 percent.
What about the forecast for the March 8th?
Temperatures that day are going to be 81 degrees Fahrenheit on average and the possibility of precipitation will be 21 percent.
And the humidity?
34 percent or thereabouts.
Thank you. I'm going to need a roundtrip flight there please.
Departing from where and when will you be returning? And is that a March 8th departure?
I plan to depart from Chi-town on Sunday this week and return on the 11th.
You have 3 flights to choose from. One of them is a 9:35 PM American Airlines flight which comes back at 8:30 AM and costs $183.
What else is available?
There's an 11:15 PM Delta Airlines flight which comes back at 1:40 PM and costs $147.
Can that ticket be refunded if necessary?
It is a nonrefundable ticket.
Are there any good economy flights available? It's just for one person.
There's a Southwest Airlines flight leaving at 2:50 PM which comes back at 6:45 PM and costs $209.
I think I like that one. I also need to find a house to stay in, again just for one person.
I've found 10 possibilities. There's a house with a 4.2 rating located at 1020 South Figueroa Street.
Great choice. I guess I'm good to go.
I appreciate the opportunity to help you.
Can you check the forecast for Seattle on March 7th?
There is a 16 percent chance of rain with average temperature of 69 degrees.
What about windy speed?
The average wind will be 8 mph.
How about humidity?
The humidity will be around 20 percent.
OK. Can you find an economy round trip flight for 3 people departing Toronto, Canada?
Do you plan to leave on March 7th? What date will you be returning?
Yes and I'd like to be back on the 12th of March.
American Airlines has a flight that departs at 10:05 am and returning flight departs at 8:15 am. Tickets are $303
Are there any others?
Delta Airlines has a flight that departs at 7:15 am and returning flight departs at 7:40 am. Tickets are $306
That one sounds perfect. I also need a house to stay in there.
There is a 4.5 star rated house located at 1000 1st Avenue. Any interest?
Does it have laundry service?
Yes it does.
Thanks. That is all I need
Your welcome. Have a nice day.
Can you please check the weather for me on March 7th in Nairobi, Kenya.
There's a 8 percent chance of rain with an average temperature of 86 degrees Fahrenheit.
Is it going to be humid?
There's a forecasted humidity of 23 percent.
OK, please get me a round trip flight to there.
Please tell me if you plan on flying on March 7th and out of which city. Also, please tell me the date for your return flight.
I plan to fly out of SFO on the 2nd of March, returning March 13th.
There's 1 flight meeting your criteria - American Airlines, taking off at 7:05 am and returning at 5:35 am. The total cost is $489.
Do you know if it's refundable?
No, unfortunately not.
Please tell me the destination airport for this flight.
The flight lands at Jomo Kenyatta International Airport.
Sounds perfect for me.
Do you want me to buy tickets for you?
No, not at the moment.
Is there anything else I could do for you?
Please find me a house to stay there.
I recommend 14 Riverside Westlands rated at 4.5.
Do you know if they provide laundry service?
Yes, they do have laundry service.
Please give me their phone number.
You can reach them at +254 787 657000.
Sounds great. That will be all for now.
My pleasure. Have a nice day!
I need to go if a should get a coat. What's the weather gonna be on March 6th?
In which city?
In Vancouver, BC please.
The temperature should be 70 degrees Fahrenheit with a a 27 percent chance of rain.
And how humid will it be?
Around 25 percent.
And how windy?
The wind speed should be at an average of 13 miles per hour.
Good to know. Can you help me a book a round trip flight there for the 1st?
Where will you be leaving from? When do you plan to return?
I'm leaving from Vegas and want to return on March 10th.
I found 2. There's a Delta Airlines flight that leaves at 12:20 pm and returns at 12:55 pm with a $205 ticket.
When does the onward flight arrives there? Do they have more than one stop?
The onward flight arrives at 7:49 pm and they it's a 1 stop only flight.
Any other available? I'll want 2 tickets.
There's 1 United Airlines flight that leaves at 12:05 pm and returns at 6:05 pm with a $227 ticket.
I want it.
Should i buy the tickets?
No, thanks. Help me find a house to stay there, it has to have laundry service. It's also for 2 so get me something with a 4.0 rating or higher please.
I found 10. There's a great one at 1100 Granville Street with a 4.0 rating.
That works. That's all I need. The house is great.
Pleased to help you. Goodbye.
Please check the weather on 1st of March
Where should i search in
please search in new delhi
The average temperature in new delhi is 99 degree with 4 percent chance of rain
how windy is it
the wind is about 8 miles per hour
can you also find me a round trip flight
Where are you traveling from? Are you leaving on march 1st
Yes, i will travel from washington
when are you traveling back
I will be back on 12th of march
I found 1 american airlines for $332 with outbound flight leaves at 6:05 am and return flight depart at 9:20 am
Perfect. please also find me 4.3 rating house with laundry service
There are 10 houses in the area. Do you want a hotel of 4.3 rating located at 12, doctor apj abdul kalam road, new delhi
Perfect, thats all i need
its good to help you
I'd like to check the weather for March 9th.
Where would you like to know the weather for?
I'd like to find out the weather for Seattle on the the 4th.
The average temperature will be 69 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 43 percent chance of rain.
How humid will it be?
The humidity will be around 69 percent.
That sounds great. Could you find me a round trip flight there? I'm leaving from San Diego on the 2nd of this month.
When would you like to return?
I'd like to return on the 11th of this month.
I have found 4 flights that might work for you. There's an American Airlines flight that leaves at 4:10 am and returns at 8:15 am. The ticket costs $206.
Are there any other options available?
There's a Delta Airlines flight that leaves at 5 pm and returns at 7:45 am. The ticket costs $219.
Are there any other choices?
There's a Southwest Airlines flight that leaves at 7 am and returns at 6:50 pm. The ticket costs $220.
That sounds great to me. I'd like to find a house with laundry service and a rating of 4.5 or higher to stay at.
There's a great choice located at 1000 1st Avenue. It has a 4.5 rating.
Could I get the phone number?
The number is +1 206-957-1000.
Are there any other choices?
There's one at 1101 4th Avenue. It has a 4.5 rating.
That would be great.
Would you like to reserve the house?
No, I don't want to right now.
Is there anything else?
No, thanks for everything.
It's always my pleasure. Bye for now!
Tell me what the weather is.
What city do you want me to check?
Check the weather in New York City for March 2nd.
The temperature will be 57 degrees with a 29 percent chance of precipitation.
I see. I need three tickets for a round trip flight to there.
What is your departing destination?
I am departing out of Atlanta, GA.
What day are you returning and are you departing March 2nd?
I will be departing March 1st and leaving March 9th.
Search revealed 4 flights. There is an American Airlines flight that departs at 6:25 am and starts the return trip at 9:45 pm. The cost is $133 total.
That works for me.
Do you need something more?
I need a house to stay in.
Search revealed 10 results. 100 Greenwich Street has a 4.4 rating.
Do they offer laundry service.
The house does offer laundry service.
That is perfect.
Do you want me to book your stay there?
No, not right now.
Do you need something more?
No, that is all. Thanks.
I've enjoyed helping you. Bye for now.
Hey! please can you tell me what's the weather forecast on 13th of March?
Please can I have the zipcode or city name?
Please find for Atlanta? how is the precipitation?
There is only 2 percent chance of rain and the average temperature for the normal day is 80 degrees Fahrenheit.
Thanks for the information. Please can you find me a round trip flight flying to Atlanta?
So, when do you wish to fly? Is it on March 13th? From where you will fly?
I wish to fly from Vegas on the 1st.
When is your return?
I will be returning by March 14th.
Okay! I've come up with 2 flights for your travel. The Southwest Airlines flight will leave at 2:35 pm and the return flight would leave at 12:05 pm and the travel cost would be around $250. Is that ok for you?
Are there any other flights on the same day for I would prefer Economy class and will be leaving from NYC.
Yup, there are 3 flights available. The American Airlines flight will leave at 11:20 am and the return flight will leave at 6:25 am and the price of the ticket is $126. Do you prefer this one?
Is it a non-stop flight or it has atleast one stops? Which is the destination airport of the flight?
The destination airport is Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport and it has 0 stops.
Looks good, but still do you have any other options?
Yup, the Delta Airlines outbound flight leaves at 11:25 am and the return flight leaves at 3:40 pm and the cost of the travel would be $140. Do you wish to book tickets for this one?
Yup! it sounds good to me.
So, you want me to buy tickets for your trip in this flight?
Nope, not right now. Please can you help me to get a house to stay over there.
Yup! I can find 10 houses there and the nice one is located at 101 Andrew Young International Boulevard Northwest and its rating is around 4.3. Do you like this one?
Do you have any other options?
At 1065 Peachtree Street Northeast there is a nice house and the rating of the property is around 4.5. Would you prefer this one?
Do they have contact number for this property? Do they have laundry service?
Yup, the property has laundry service and you can reach them at +1 404-745-5000.
This house seems to be good.
So, do you want to reserve this house?
Nope, not right now. I just need the information.
That's fine. It's my pleasure to fetch you the details. Good Bye.
What is the weather going to be on March 8th?
In what city would you like to know the weather?
I need to know the weather in Vegas.
There is a 17 percent chance of rain with an average temperature of 76 degrees Fahrenheit.
What is the wind factor expected to be.
7 miles per hour is the average wind speed.
What is the humidity level expected to be?
The humidity is expected to be 36 percent.
Thanks, Can you find me a round trip flight there?
Where would you be departing from and when would you be coming back? Is March 8th a good day to depart?
I would like to leave from NY on the 7th of this month and return on the 10th of March.
I have found a total of 2 flights. There is an American Airlines flight with an outbound flight that leaves at 4:45 pm and the return flight leaves at 5:30 am. The total cost of the ticket is $302.
Are the tickets refundable?
No, they are not.
Do you have any other refundable flights?
Yes there is an outbound flight with United Airlines at 6:05 am with a return flight that leaves at 12:05 pm. The total flight costs $300.
That flight sounds great.
Would you like me to make your reservations?
No. I am all set. Can you find me a house to stay there?
Yes. There is a house at 1215 South Las Vegas Boulevard with a rating of 3.7.
That sounds great, I am all set.
Thanks, it was great to be of help. Goodbye.
What will the weather be like in Atlanta, GA?
The average temperature is 86 degrees. There will be a 28 percent chance of rain.
How about the March 6th.
The average temperature will be 87 degrees and the chance of rain will decrease slightly to 25 percent.
What will the humidity be like.
Around 49 percent.
How windy will it be?
The wind speed will be minimal at around 2 miles per hour.
Thanks for the info.
May I help you with something else?
Can you find me a round trip flight.
Where are leaving from and when are you returning?
I want to return on the 10th of March and I will be leaving from NY.
Are you leaving on March 6th?
On the 2nd.
An American Airlines flight leaves from NY at 11:20 am. The return flight is scheduled for 6:25 am. It costs $137.
What else is there? I just want 1 economy ticket.
I found 3 flights that may work. There is a Delta Airlines flight that departs from NY at 7:20 am. The return flight is at 3:40 pm and costs $141.
Sounds great. I want to stay at a house with a rating of at least 4.4.
There are 6 houses that match your request. A house at 1065 Peachtree Street Northeast has a 4.4 rating.
Can I have the phone number? Does it have laundry service?
It has laundry service and the number is +1 404-745-5000.
The house sounds killer!
Do you want a reservation?
No, not now. Goodbye!
Have a wonderful day!
please check the weather in sydney on 9th of this month
The weather on march 9th 2019 is around 93 degree with 6 % chanec of rain
ok, can you find me a two round trip ticket flying on economy
ok, are you leaving on march 9th? where are you leaving from ?
i will leave on 5th of this month on premium economy traveling from san francisco
when are your flying back
i will be back on 11th of march
I found 1 united airlines for $375 depart at 1:25 pm with return flight depart at 5:25 am
what airport does this arrive at
you will arrive at kingsford smith international airport arrive at 1:06 pm
perfect, please also find me a house to stay for one peopl
there is a 4.1 rating house at 1 columbia court, baulkham hills new south wales 2153, australia
any other houses with laundry service
I located 9 houses. I recommend 1 hosking place with 3.6 rating
ok thats perfect
i am happy to help you, bye bye
Hi there, could you help me check the weather at Albany on March 2nd please?
The temperature will be 84 degrees Fahrenheit on that day, with a 14 percent chance of rain.
I see, how about for Philadelphia instead?
The temperature will be 71 degrees Fahrenheit on that day, with a 3 percent chance of rain.
I see, what is the expected humidity and windiness then?
The humidity should be around 16 percent and the average wind speed should be 8 miles per hour.
Sure, how about?
Sorry, I could not comprehend you. Do you require further assistance?
Could you help me check the weather again on the March 12th?
The average temperature for that day is 83 degress Fahrenheit with a 25 percent chance of rain.
I see, thank you!
Do you need any further assistance?
Yes please, could you help me find a round trip there?
Will you be departing on March 12th and when will you be returning? Where would you prefer to depart from?
I will be departing from New York on March 10th and returning on the 13th of March.
There is an American Airlines flight which departs at 3:45 pm and returns at 4:45 pm which will cost you $69.
I see, are there alternative flights? I have 3 people travelling and would prefer taking a Southwest Airlines flight.
There is 1 convenient Southwest Airlines flight for you, which departs at 4:55 am, returns at 7:45 am and will cost you $59.
This sounds great to me!
Would you require me to purchase tickets for you?
No, that is fine. Could you instead help me search for a house to stay in there?
Sure, there are 10 houses available, one of which is located at 1 Logan Square with a 4.4 rating.
This sounds great!
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, that is not necessary. Thanks a lot though!
No worries, it is my pleasure to assist you. Have a great day ahead!
I want to check the weather for Portland, OR on March 2nd.
The average temperature for that of year is 65 degrees. There will be a 15 percent chance of rain.
Great. Can you find round trip flights going there from Los Angeles. I like Economy tickets.
Do you want to depart on March 2nd?
Yes, I do.
When are you returning?
I want to return on the 5th and there are two people in my group.
An Alaska Airlines flight is leaving at 7:25 am. The return flight will leave at 1:55 pm. A ticket is $169.
When does the outbound flight arrive? And when does my return flight land in Los Angeles?
The onward flight arrives at 9:55 am and the return flight lands in LA at 5:54 pm.
Are there other flights available?
Yes, an American Airlines flight leaves LA at 11:15 pm and the return flight leaves Portland at 6 am. It costs $180.
What else is there?
A Delta Airlines flight departs from LA at 9:50 pm and the return flight leaves Portland at 3:20 pm. A ticket costs $164.
The flight sounds great to me. I want to find a house to stay at. The rating should be at least 4.4. I want laundry service and my group will be 4 people.
There are 10 houses available. One house with a rating of 4.4 i at 1150 Northwest 9th Avenue.
What's their phone number?
It's +1 503-220-1339.
Great, that's I need for now.
Have a wonderful day!
I wish to check out the weather on March 10th.
In which city do you want to check out the weather?
I wish to check it in New Delhi.
The average temperature is 102 degree Fahrenheit and 4 percent of chance of rain.
Sure. could you please search a round trip flight to go there? I wish to get back on March 13th.
Are you leaving on March 10th?
I wish to leave on Tuesday next week.
From which place will you leave from?
I will leave from San Francisco.
I searched and found 2 convenient flights for you. It is an American Airlines flight which leaves at 1:15 pm and the return flight leaves at 1:45 pm. The cost of the ticket is $356.
It is good to me.
Shall I book tickets for it?
Nope. I am fine.
Shall I do anything for you?
I wish to search for a house to stay there.
There is one beautiful house situated at 12, Doctor APJ Abdul Kalam Road, New Delhi with the rating 4.5
Is there any other houses?
There is one beautiful house situated at 12, Mangalam Place, Sector 3, Rohini, New Delhi with the rating 4.3.
It is a great house.
Are you interested in reserving this house?
Nope. it can be later, not now.
Do you need any other help?
Nope. Thank you so much.
It's my previlage to help you. Bye. Thank you.
I want to find out what the weather will be like on March 4th.
What city do you want to check the weather in?
Check Sydney, NSW.
The average temperature on that day should be around 96 degrees Fahrenheit with a 7 percent chance of rain.
Okay. Would you look for a round trip flight going there?
Where do you want to leave from and when are you coming back?
I will leave from SFO and want to get back on 7th of March.
Would you like to leave on March 4th?
No, I will leave on the 1st of this month.
There is a United Airlines flight which has an outbound flight leaving at 1:25 pm and a return flight leaving at 5:25 am. This costs $235.
That flight sounds great.
Should I buy tickets for it?
No, not right now. Could you find me a house to stay there that has laundry service?
There is a nice house at 1 Columbia Court, Baulkham Hills New South Wales 2153, Australia. It has a 4.1 rating.
That sounds great.
Do you want to make a reservation?
Not at the moment.
Anything else I could assist you with?
No, but thank you for helping.
It was my pleasure. Goodbye.
Check the weather for me.
Which city should I check it for?
Check it in Philly
The temperature is expected to be around 81 degrees with a 8 percent chance of rain.
Okay, I also need round trip economy flights going there, preferably delta airlines. I would be leaving from Paris.
Are you leaving on march 1st?
That is correct
When do you plan to return?
I get back on 5th of this month
I have found a delta airlines flights that leaves at 5:35 pm. Its return flight leaves at 12:20 pm and costs $368
Which is the departure and arrival airport?
The flight takes off from charles de gaulle international airport and lands at PHL international airport
Sounds good. I also need a house to stay while there.
There is a 4.4 rated house at 1 logan square.
Give me the contact number
The number is +1 215-963-1500
Do you any other options
There is a 4.1 rated place at 100 north christopher columbus boulevard.
This sounds perfect.
Should I make the booking?
No, I will do that later. This would be all for now.
Have a great day. Bye.
Hello! Please can you check the weather in Chicago, IL on March 12th. Is there any scattered Thunderstorms?
Yup, there are scattered thunderstorms and there is a 26 percent probability of raining and the average temperature for the normal day will be 61 degrees Fahrenheit.
What is the humidity and the wind speed on that day?
The average wind speed on that day will be around 12 miles per hour and it will be around 4 percent humidity.
Okay! thanks for the information. Do you have any flight with a round trip flying to Chicago?
When is your onward and return journey? Will you be leaving by March 12th? Which is your source airport from where you wish to start your journey?
I will be starting from Ciudad de Mexico on the 8th and will be returning on March 12th.
I can find 3 flights matching your trip. The American Airlines outbound flight leaves the airport at 8:05 am and the return flight leaves at 12:30 pm. The cost of the travel is around $313.
Please may I know when is the arrival of the onward flight?
Sure! It arrives at 8:12 pm.
To which airport, the flight arrives?
The destination airport will be O'Hare International Airport.
Everything sounds good.
So, do you wish to book tickets for this flight?
Nope, not right now.
Do you want me to help on anything else?
Yup! Please can you find me a house to stay with laundry service.
Sure! I've 10 houses for you and the nice one is located at 1 West Wacker Drive whose rating is around 4.5.
Do you have any other property?
Yup, the one located at 10 East Grand Avenue is a good one and its rating is around 4.2.
Please can I have the property phone number?
Sure, please note it down. It's +1 312-595-0000
Good house choice. I'm all set. Thanks for finding me a good house.
My Pleasure. Have a wonderful day. Bye.
I'm going to be visiting friends in Nairobi fairly soon. What's the weather like there on March 3rd?
It'll average at a sizzling 103 degrees Fahrenheit, with just a 2 percent chance of rain.
Okay. Good to know. I want to get a round trip flight there.
Will you be leaving March 3rd? On what day will you return, and from what city will you depart?
Yeah, I'm leaving from Atlanta on that day. I will return on the 12th of March.
I found 1 flight that suits your criteria. How does a $431 American Airlines sound? It leaves at 6:45 am, and will return at 5:35 am.
That's good. I also need to find a house for 1 that has laundry service and a rating of at least 4.6.
I found a house at Chiromo Road with a 4.6 star rating.
That's a great house! That's all I'll need.
It's a pleasure to help you out. I hope Nairobi is a great time for you. Goodbye.
Hi there, could you help me check the weather in LAX?
The average temperature there is 76 degrees Fahrenheit with 28 percent chance of rain.
I see, thanks!
Could I further assist you?
Could you help me get a round trip flight there? Would prefer flying with Southwest Airlines.
When will you be returning?
I will be returning on the 11th of March.
Then will you being leaving on the March 1st?
Yes, that is true.
Sure, which city would you be departing from then?
I will be departing from Washington, and would prefer an Economy class ticket please.
Sure, would you like to fly with Southwest Airlines? They currently have a flight which departs at 2:50 pm and returns at 7:05 am which will cost you $254.
Sure, could you also help me search for a house to stay for one person? Would prefer one with a 4.1 rating or higher.
Sure, there are 10 houses available, one of which is 1020 South Figueroa Street with a 4.1 rating.
I see, are there any alternative housing available?
There is a house you might like located at 10320 West Olympic Boulevard with a 4.1 rating.
Any alternatives? Would prefer one which can accommodate 2 people and has laundry service.
Yes, there is one with a 4.1 rating located at 10740 Wilshire Boulevard.
That sounds great to me!
Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, that is not necessary. Thanks!
Sure, it is my pleasure to help you. Have a great day ahead!
Can you please check the weather?
In which city do you want the search?
What is the weather like in Cupertino?
The weather is 92 degrees and there is a 13 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy is it supposed to be?
The humidity will be around 22 percent and the wind is 2 miles per hour.
How is the weather in Delhi on March 4th?
The weather should be around 97 degrees and there is a 8 percent chance of rain.
Can you get me one ticket for a flight from San Fran?
Are you leaving on March 4th? When is your return date?
I will be leaving on the 1st of March and returning on the 10th of March.
There is a flight with American Airlines that leaves at 1:15 pm and returns at 1:45 pm the cost is $353.
I would like to find a house to stay in.
There are 10 houses. There is a house at 12, Doctor APJ Abdul Kalam Road, New Delhi with a rating of 4.5.
That house sounds great.
Would you like to make a reservation for this house?
No, I just wanted the information.
Have a good day.
What is the weather in New York City on 10th of March?
The temperature is 59 degrees with 0 percent chance of rain.
Is it humid or windy?
The wind is 5 miles per hour and the humidity is about 15 percent.
I would like a round trip flight on Monday next week from Los Angeles for two people.
When would you like to return?
On the 11th.
There are 4 flights. One is with American Airlines departing at 6:20 pm and returning at 7:45 pm costing $250.
Are there there other options?
There is a Delta Airlines flight leaving at 1:40 pm and returning at 7:30 am for $256.
Anything else?
Southwest Airlines has a flight leaving at 7:20 am and returning at 6:50 am for $249.
I also need a house.
There are 10 options. One has a rating of 4.4 at 100 Greenwich Street.
Is there a number and does it offer laundry service?
Yes, there is laundry and the number is +1 917-409-0800.
That is great.
Can I do anything else for you?
No, thanks a lot.
Have a nice time.
Can I get the weather?
Sure, for which city
The weather in Chicago please
Today will have an average temperature of 73 degrees Fahrenheit with a 29 percent chance of precipitation
Will it be humid?
The humidity should be about 29 percent
Ok good
Anything else I can do?
Yes, book me a round trip flight to Chicago
Ok, departing from where? What day will you be coming back?
I'll leave from Philly and need to return next Thursday
And you'd like to depart March 1st?
Yes please
I found 4 flights for you. How about an American Airlines flight departing at 10:10 am, with the return at 6:40 pm. It's a $120 trip
Ok good. Any houses where I can stay there?
1 South Franklin Street is a nice looking place with a 4.4 rating
That sounds interesting
Would you like to book it?
Not right now. Thanks for the help.
Always happy to help. Take care.
Hey, I want you to tell me about the weather.
What city weather shall I tell you about?
I am interested in Chi-town.
It will be 73 degrees Fahrenheit average temperature for the day with a 29 percentage possibility for rain.
What is the wind like and what will the humidity be?
It will be approximately 29 percent humid with wind speed averaging about 15 miles an hour.
Alright. I would go ahead with the visit. Find me a round trip flight starting from the 1st of this month.
What day are you boarding the return flight and what city will you be leaving from?
Find me planes from LA. I will get back on 11th of March.
Should I check out American Airlines for you. It leaves at 3:05 pm. The return flight will leave at 4:30 am. The overall cost of the ticket will be $242.
Can you find me something else?
What do you think of flying Delta Airlines. It leaves at 7:15 pm and the return flight goes off at 11:15 pm. I can buy you tickets for $177.
In what airport does the plane land?
The plane will go to O'Hare International Airport.
Will the tickets be economy or business class?
I found you an Economy seat.
All good. I would you to find me a house for one person with laundry service. Please find something with 4.4 rating or more.
I have found you a nice house at 1 West Wacker Drive with a 4.4 rating.
Find me another house.
1118 North State Street has a nice house with 4.4 rating.
Find me some other house. We are 2 people in all and I could use a 4.3 rating or greater.
You can choose from 8 houses. I can suggest a nice house at 100 West Monroe Street with a rating of 4.3.
Oh! I like this house. That will be all.
Glad to be of help. See you!
What's the weather forecast in KL on March 9th?
The temperature will average around 92 degrees Fahrenheit, and the chance of rain is 0 percent.
Thanks. Can you find me a round trip to that area?
What city would you be departing from?
Find a flight taking off from Seattle.
Do you want to leave on March 9th? What day will you fly back on?
I want to fly out next Monday, and I'll be there until the 11th of this month.
There's an American Airlines flight for $371. The flight out is at 4:55 am, and you'll head back at 5:05 am. How does that sound?
That sounds fine. Are there any houses I could stay at in the area? I'd like on with a rating of 3.5 or above and laundry service. Oh, it's just the one person by the way.
I've found 10 houses at 3.5 or above that might work for you. There's one option at 1, Jalan 2/142a, Taman Len Seng, 56000 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan.
Give me their phone number.
The number is +60 3-9100 1133.
That house is a good choice.
Do you want me to make a reservation there now?
No, I don't need to at the moment. I'm done for now.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the rest of your day.
How is the weather on March 5th?
What city's weather should I tell you about?
Vancouver, BC of course. How it is on March 12th?
It says the average temperature is about 59 degrees Fahrenheit with a 10 percent possibility of rain.
What is the humidity?
Humidity could be about 15 percent.
What about how windy it will be?
11 miles a hour should be the average speed of wind.
Alright. Search for round trip flight to visit there.
When would you board the returning flight and will you leave on March 12th?
I will go on the 5th of March 2019 and travel back on March 14th.
What city are you leaving?
I want to board flight from Vegas.
There are 2 flights that will fit you. Delta Airlines flight takes off at 12:20 pm and return flight departs at 3:20 am costing you $229.
Find me other ones please.
Might you like United Airlines flight that takes off at 12:05 pm? The return flight leaves at 6:05 pm costing you $238?
Will this flight be redeye and where is it landing?
The plane lands in YVR International Airport and it won't be an overnight journey.
I need a house with laundry service when I am there. We will be two people in all.
I have found 10 houses. One is located at 1041 Southwest Marine Drive and is rated 3.5. It is quite nice.
Get me their phone number.
Their contact number is +1 604-263-1555.
I like this house.
Shall I get you anything else?
Nope. Thank you!
Glad to help you. Have a nice day!
I would like to check out the weather in LA on March 10th.
The average temperature on that day should be around 91 degrees fahrenheit. There is a 10 percent chance of rain.
That souns good. Find me a round trip economy flight to get there. I want to travel on the 3rd.
Which day do you want to take the return flight on? What city do you want to leave from?
Find flights from Portland returning on 14th of March.
I have 5 flights that are good. Do you want to fly with Alaska Airlines? This flight takes off at 10:10 am and the return flight takes off at 5:40 pm. This ticket costs $150.
Do you have something else?
How about flying with American Airlines? This flight takes off at 6 am and the return flight takes off at 11:15 pm. This ticket costs $181.
Is there something else available?
Would you like to fly with Delta Airlines? This flight takes off at 9:35 am and the return takes off at 6:50 am. The ticket is $208.
Would this be a redeye?
No, it isn't an overnight flight.
Okay. I'd like to find a house to stay there.
There is a nice house at 1020 South Figueroa Street with a 4.2 rating.
That house is nice. That is all I need for now, though.
It was my pleasure to help you. Goodbye.
I need to check the weather for the March 9th.
Sure thing. Which city would you like me to check the weather for?
Check the weather in NY for me please.
The average temperature in New York will be around 70 degrees Fahrenheit for the day. There is a 38 percent chance of rain.
Okay, thank you. Can you help me find a round trip flight headed out there?
Yes I can. I just need to know what city you are departing from and what day you'd like to book a return flight.
Look for flights headed out of San Fran. I'll be returning on March 11th
Are you leaving on March 9th?
I want to head out on the day after tomorrow.
I found 4 flights for you. Would you like to fly with American Airlines? They have a flight departing at 8:30 pm and a return flight scheduled for 4:45 pm. The total cost will be $219.
How many stops will they have to make?
The flight is scheduled for 0 stops.
Okay, that works. I'd also like to find a house out there to rent.
Sure thing. I found 10 houses for you. How about this nice one located at 100 Greenwich Street. It's rated at 4.4.
That house sounds great. Thanks a lot. That's all for now.
My pleasure. Enjoy your trip. Bye!
I need more updates about the weather in stanford on March 14th
Yes. The temperature will be around 82 degrees fahrenheit and the chance of rain is 5 percent
What about the wind?
The wind speed will be 5 miles per hour
Now tell me more about humidity
it will be around 19 percent
Got it. Now look the same thing in vegas on March 11th
the temperature will be around 81 degrees fahrenheit and the chance of rain is 3 percent
Now, all I need is a round trip flight to reach the place, look for premium economy tickets please
Is departure day march 11th?
Departure is scheduled to happen on march 9th and the required tickets are 2
what about the return flight? Where are you leaving from?
The city is vancouver and I will be back on march 14th 2019
do you like united airlines? takes off is 6:05 pm and you will be back at 3:05 pm. you will pay $370
What is the name of the landing airport? Can you tell me if it is a redeye flight?
No, it isn't. The name of the airport is mccarran international airport
Great, now look for a place to stay
I've found 6 houses, one is loated at 1215 south las vegas boulevard and it has been rated 3.7
I like it
I can book it for you, if you need it
No, I'm fine, bye for now
have a wonderful day
I want to see what the weather conditions are like in Paris, France.
The average temperature is 77 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 26 percent chance rain.
That sounds good, so I'd like to book a round trip flight there.
So will you leave on March 1st? Where will you depart from? When do you want to take a return flight?
Yes, I'll fly out from Chicago on March 1st, returning on March 13th.
You could take an American Airlines departure flight at 5:10 am, with a return flight at 4:05 am, at a cost of $350.
That's fine. I'll need to find a house for one person to stay at, one with a 4.4 rating or higher.
I found 10 houses like that- you could stay at 1 Place de la Sorbonne, 75005. It has a 4.4 rating.
What else is available?
There is also 11 Rue des Gravilliers, 75003, another 4.4 rated property.
I'll stay there. Thanks for that, I don't require anything else for now.
My pleasure. Ciao for now!
Could you look at the weather forecast for March 2nd in Toronto, Ontario.
There is a 20 % chance of rain and an ave temp of 60 degrees fahrenheit.
Will it be humid?
About a 28 & chance of that.
Fine ok.
Would you like help with anything more?
I would like two Economy tickets there and back.
Will you be leaving on March 2nd?
No I want to go on March 1st.
What is your return date?
It is the 8th of this month.
Which city will you be leaving from?
From Seattle, WA.
There are 3 flight options. There is an American Airlines flight leaving at 8:15 am and returning at 10:05 am costing $312 in total.
fine now I need to find accommodation, a house with a rating of at least 4.1.
There is a good one with a 4.1 rating at 108 Chestnut Street.
Is there any other options? There needs to be a laundry service.
There are 9 available options, one in particular is nice and has a 4.1 rating at 118 Yorkville Avenue.
What is their telephone number?
it is +1 416-963-6300.
This house is perfect thanks that is everything for now.
Your are very welcome. Goodbye for now.
I need to find out the weather in Sydney on March 14th.
The average temp for Sydney that day should be 100 degrees F with a 2 % chance of rain.
How windy is it likely to be?
The average wind speed is looking like 8 mph.
Sure, sounds right. I want to find a round trip flight to get there from Chicago.
On which day did you want to take the return flight and are you leaving on March 14th?
I'd like to start my trip on 2nd of this month and come back on 14th of March 2019.
I found a flight on Delta Airlines taking off at 10:40 am with the return flight at 5:50 pm for $394.
Did you have anything else? Any airline is fine with me.
I found a flight on United Airlines taking off at 10:35 am. The return flight takes off at 10:05 pm and it costs $372.
Ok, sounds good. I'd like to find a house to stay there for two people.
I found a nice house for you at 1 Columbia Court, Baulkham Hills New South Wales 2153, Australia with a 4.1 rating.
Did you have a contact number for this location?
The number is +61 2 9634 9634.
This house sounds great.
Did you want to make a reservation for this house?
No, not right now.
Did you need help with anything else?
No, but thank you.
It has been my pleasure. Goodbye.
Could you assist me in checking the weather forecast for March 5th in Portland, OR.
There is a 12 % chance of rain with the temp around 56 degrees fahrenheit.
sounds fine. Now I need an economy flight there and back, departing on March 1st.
What is your return date?
It is 13th of March.
Which city will you be departing from?
from LAX please.
There is an Alaska Airlines flight which takes off at 5:15 am returning at 5:40 pm costing $179 all in
I prefer American Airlines if possible.
There is 1 American Airlines flight taking off at 11:15 pm and returning at 6 am costing $174 altogether.
When does the return flight arrive and how many passengers did you search for?
it arrives at 11:32 am and it is 1 traveller.
fine and could you help me search for a house also.
There are 10 available houses, one with a 4.2 ratig is located at 1000 Northeast Multnomah Street.
That is a perfect house. That is eveything for now.
You are very welcome goodbye.
Can you check the weather?
What city do you want?
Check the weather in Philly.
It will be 81 degrees with an 8 percent chance of rain.
How humid will it be?
The humidity is 23 percent.
I also need a round trip flight for any class.
What city is departure and is March 1st ok?
Yes, and I am leaving from New York.
What day is return?
I am returning March 6th.
I found 4. I have an American Airlines flight leaving 7:55 am with return flight at 5:35 pm for $64.
Do you have others?
I have a Delta Airlines departing at 11:10 am and return flight at 7:25 pm for $69.
Is this a redeye with 0 stops?
The flight has 0 stops and is not overnight.
I want to find a house too.
I have one at 1 Logan Square rated 4.4.
Do you have something else for three?
I have 9. I have one at 100 North Christopher Columbus Boulevard rated at 4.1.
This house is what I want.
Would you like to book?
No, not for now.
Is there anything else?
No that is all.
Thanks for letting us help.
Check the weather in London, England.
The average temperature is about 81 degrees fahrenheit for the day, with a 23 percent chance of rain.
What will the wind and humidity levels be like?
The humidity level is about 35 percent and wind speed around 10 miles per hour.
Okay. I need a round trip flight to get there and I will return on 9th of March.
What city do you want to leave from? Will you leave on March 1st?
Yeah, that sounds good. Check out flights from ATL.
Do you want to fly on American Airlines? The flight leaves at 8:40 pm and the return takes off at 2:05 pm. This ticket is $300.
Yeah, find me a house to stay there for 1. I want a house with a 4.4 or higher.
There is a nice house at 1 Ham Yard with a 4.4 rating.
Is anything else available?
There is on at 1 Seething Lane with a 4.4 rating.
That sounds perfect.
Would you like to make a reservation here?
No, not right now. That is all I need.
I was happy to help. Goodbye.
What is the weather in Los Altos on March 13th?
The average temperature should be 94 degrees with a 3 percent chance of rain.
What about Chi-Town on March 1st.
The average temperature should be 73 degrees with a 29 percent chance of rain.
How windy will is be?
About 15 miles per hour.
What about the humidity?
The humidity is about 29 percent.
Oh, okay then.
Would you like anything else?
I would like a round trip flight from SD.
Will you be leaving on March 1st and when would you like to return?
Yes, and returning Friday next week.
There is 1 flight on American Airlines leaving at 12:05 pm and returning at 4:30 am for a cost of $272.
How many passengers and stops?
This is for 1 person and 1 stop.
OK, I need a house, too.
There are 10 available. One has a 4.4 rating on 1 South Franklin Street.
That sounds nice.
Have a nice trip.
Can you get me the weather on March 7th.
What city is this weather check for?
It's for Atlanta, GA.
The average day temperature is 83 degrees Fahrenheit with a 26 percent chance of precipitation.
Alright. I need to get a round trip flight to there. I'll be traveling on the 5th of this month. And it's just one ticket.
Where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from San Fran.
And what day will you be returning?
I'll return on the 11th.
There are 4 flights that match. Is American Airlines okay? They have a flight with departure take off at 3:50 pm and return take off at 11:40 am. The ticket is $229.
Does the flight have any stops? And what's my arrival time at the destination?
There is 1 stop. And the destination arrival time is 1:24 am.
Alright. I also need to find a house to stay at there.
There are 10 houses that match. There's a nice house at 101 Andrew Young International Boulevard Northwest with a rating of 4.3.
That sounds like exactly what I want.
Do you want me to book the house?
No, that won't be necessary right now.
Do you need any further help?
No. Thanks for helping me.
The pleasure is mine, take care.
Can you show me the weather?
Which city should I be searching for
Search for it in Phoenix
The average temperature is predicted to be at 89 degrees with a 15 percent chance of rain
Okay. I need a round trip flight to there
What is your city of departure and when do you plan to take the return flight?
Leaving from CDMX and returning the next friday
Do you leave on March 1st?
Yes, I want to book 4 tickets
There is an american airlines flight that takes off at 8:05 am and costs $239. the return flight leaves at 7:35 am
okay. I would also need a house there
I have a 4.6 rated house at 10 east thomas road
What's their number? Do they offer laundry service?
They do offer laundry service. Their number is +1 602-222-1111
That's perfect. That's all I need.
have a great trip
I'd like to find out the weather.
For what city did you want to find the weather for?
I'd like to know the weather in Valley Ford.
The average temperature in Valley Ford should be 72 degrees F and there is a 6 % chance of rain.
OK, what about the weather in Phoenix, AZ on March 4th?
The average temperature in Phoenix for that day should be 90 degrees F with a 29 % chance of rain.
Sure, sounds right. I'm looking for a round trip flight there.
Which city did you want to leave from and on which day did you want to take the return flight? Are you leaving on March 4th?
I'd like to start my trip this Sunday and return on 11th of March. Can you help me find flights from Seattle?
I found 4 flights. One flight on American Airlines is taking off at 8:15 am with the return flight at 8:40 am with a cost of $230.
Sounds about right. I'd like to find a house to stay there for 2 people.
I found a nice house at 10 East Thomas Road with a 4.6 rating.
That sounds great.
Was there anything else I could do for you?
No, but thank you for your help.
It's been my pleasure. Have a nice day.
What's the weather like in London?
The average temperature in London should be 81 degrees fahrenheit with a 23 percent chance of rain.
Okay, I want to find a round trip flight there that returns on the 9th of March.
Do you want to leave March 1st? Where will you be departing from?
Yeah that's fine. I want to leave from Chicago.
Is American Airlines okay? They have a flight departing at 4:30 am. The return flight departs at 2:05 pm and the ticket costs $348.
Are there any other options? I'll need 4 tickets.
I found 1 other flight for you, with Delta Airlines. The flight departs at 9:15 am. The return flight departs at 8 am and the ticket is $301.
Okay, thank you.
Is there anything else you need?
I need to find a house to stay at there for 2 people. I want something rated at least 2.6.
I found one with a 2.6 rating located at 1 Addington Street.
Okay, that's perfect.
Should I make the reservation for you?
No, not right now.
Do you need anything else?
Nope, that's all, thanks.
Alright, enjoy your day!
Can you give me the weather forecast for Chi-town?
It is predicted to be 73 degrees Fahrenheit wit ha 29 percent chance of rain.
Sounds beautiful. I'd like to find three round trip flights there.
Where will you be departing from?
I'm looking for flights out of Philly.
When will you be returning?
I need to be back by March 12th.
Do you plan to start your trip on March 1st?
Yes, that is when I'd like to leave.
I have found an American Airlines flight that leaves at 10:10 am and returns at 6:40 pm for $122 per ticket.
Can you check for United Airlines flights out of Atlanta, GA instead?
There is 1 flight that matches your criteria. It is a United Airlines flight that departs at 6:15 am and returns at 9:50 pm at the rate of $123 per ticket.
That sounds good. I need to find accommodations for one there. I prefer a house.
There are 10 properties that you may like. There is one at 1 South Franklin Street with a solid 4.4 rating.
Do they offer laundry services? What is the phone number?
Unfortunately, they do not offer laundry service. The contact number is +1 312-558-1020.
That's okay. It seems nice.
Do you want to make a reservation now?
No, not at this time. Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
Check the weather in San Diego for March 1st please.
Sure thing. The average temperature for that day will be around 90 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
How windy is it gonna be? What type of humidity are we looking at?
The humidity will be around 16 percent and the average wind speed should be about 1 mile per hour.
Okay, thanks. Can you find any round trip flights headed out there for me?
No problem. Would you like to leave on March 1st? Please tell me which city you wish to depart from and what date you'd like to return.
Yes, that all sounds good. Find flights out of Seattle, WA. I'll be returning on the 12th.
I found 3 flights for you. Would you like to fly with American Airlines? There is a flight departing at 8:15 am with the return flight leaving at 4:10 am. The total ticket price is $204.
Okay, that sounds right. I'd also like to find a house to stay in.
Sure thing. I've found 10 houses available for you. There is a really nice house located at 1003 Coast Boulevard, La Jolla, California 92037, United states. It's rated at 4.6 stars.
Does it have laundry service? What's the phone number?
Yes, they do have laundry service. The phone number is +1 855-287-2682.
Awesome, this house sounds great. That's all I need for now.
My pleasure. Please enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
What will the weather be like on March 2nd?
What city do you want me to check?
San Fran.
The temperature should be 72 degrees with a 15 % chance of rain.
How windy will it be?
The wind speed should be 8 miles per hour.
Okay I want to book a round trip flight there.
What date do you wish to return. What city do you want to leave from?
I am leaving from Vegas and returning on the 9th.
Are you leaving on March 2nd?
Yes.
I found 4 flights for you. I found an American Airlines flight that takes off at 5:30 am and the returning flight takes off at 5:30 pm. The ticket costs $114.
Is this a redeye flight?
No, it is not an overnight flight.
Okay cool I need to find a house to stay there too.
I found a nice house at 1095 Market Street with a rating at 3.7.
That house will work.
Would you like to make the reservation?
Not right now. That is all I need right now.
Have a great day!
What's the wether forecast for March 7th?
For what city?
Las Vegas, Nevada.
The forecast for Las Vegas on March 7th calls for a daytime high of 86 degrees with a 22 percent chance of rain.
Ok. Then how about KL on the March 1st.
The forecast for KL on March 7th calls for a daytime high of 102 degrees with an 8 percent chance of rain.
Will there be any wind to speak of?
Expected winds are a mild 12 miles per hour.
How about humidity?
Expect about 23 percent humidity.
Sounds good. I'll need plane tickets then.
Departing from what city or airport?
Departing from SFO. Look for something in Premium Economy class.
Leaving on March 1st and returing on what date?
Returning on March 11th.
I found 1 flight. American Airlines has a flight at 5:20 am. The return flight leaves at 5:05 am. The fare for this flight is $663.
Ok. I'll think about that.
Do you require anything else?
I'll need someplace to stay while I'm there. Find a house for two people, preferably with laundry service.
There is a house located at 1, Jalan 2/142a, Taman Len Seng, 56000 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan with a rating of 3.8.
Anything else? At least a 3.7.
There is a house located at 1, Jalan Pantai Baharu, Jaya Tower 3, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan with a rating of 3.7.
Ok. That sounds awesome.
Would you liek me to make a reservation for that house?
Not right now. That's all I wnated to know.
Let me know if I can be of any further assistance.
What's the weather forecast for Philly on March 14th?
The expected average temperature for the day is 84 degrees Fahrenheit, with an 8 percent chance of rain.
Great, thanks. Please find me a round trip flight to get there.
Please let me know your departure city, your return date, and whether you'll be leaving on March 14th.
I'll be leaving from NY on 10th of March, and returning on 14th of March 2019.
I found 4 suitable flights. Would you be interested in leaving on a 3:45 pm American Airlines flight? The return flight will be at 4:45 pm and the ticket will cost $67.
What are the other options?
Delta Airlines has an 11:10 am flight and a 7:25 pm return flight at a cost of $66 per ticket.
What's the flight's destination?
The flight will land at PHL International Airport.
What is the flight's departure airport? Did you find this for 1 passenger?
It is for 1 traveler. The flight's origin airport is JFK International Airport.
Great. Please find me a house to stay while over there.
Your search yielded 10 results, among them one nice, 4.4 star rated house, located at 1 Logan Square.
This house sounds great!
Should I go ahead and make a reservation for this house?
No, I'm not interested in doing that now.
Would you like my help with anything else?
No. Thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
Happy to have been of help. Bye.
Can you check the weather in Paris on March 7th?
The temperature should be around 87 degrees and there is a 12 percent chance of rain.
How windy is it going to be?
The average wind speed should be 6 miles per hour.
How humid will the day be?
The humidity will be around 22 percent.
Can I find a round trip flight to go there?
You are leaving on March 7th, where are you departing from?
I will departing from Portland and would like to travel from the 4th to the 11th of this month.
There is 1 flight with Delta Airlines that takes off at 8 pm and returns at 11:20 am the cost is $386.
I will need to find a house and the rating should be 4.4 or more
There are 10 houses. There is 1 Place de la Sorbonne, 75005 and the rating is 4.4.
We are two people, is there another house?
There is one on 11 Rue des Gravilliers, 75003 and the rating is 4.4
Are there another house with a rating of 4.5 or more?
There is a house at 12 Rue de Marignan, 75008 and the rating is 4.5.
Thank you for the information.
Have a good day.
Hi there, could you help me check the weather on March 13th?
For which location are you interested in?
In London, UK please.
Sure, the temperature then is 94 degress Fahrenheit with a 25 percent chance of rain.
I see, what is the humidity and windiness on that day?
The humidity is around 18 percent and the average wind speed is 5 miles per hour.
I see, thanks!
Do you require further assistance?
Could you get me 1 ticket for an Economy flight from Philly?
Will you be leaving on March 13th and when will you be returning from?
I will be travelling from March 1st and returning on 14th of March.
I see, there are 3 flights available, one of which is an American Airlines flight which will depart at 4:45 pm and return at 2:05 pm which will cost you $306.
May I know which airport does the flight arrive at?
You will arrive at Heathrow International Airport.
Sure, then when does the returning flight arrive and how many stops does this flight route have?
The return flight arrives at 0:16 am and this flight has 1 intermediate stop.
Sure, could you also help me find a house to stay there please?
There is a nice house at 1 Addington Street with a 4.3 rating.
That sounds great!
Would you like to make a reservation there?
That is not necessary, thanks though!
Do you require further assistance?
No, that is all I need, thank you!
No worries, it is my pleasure to assist you. Enjoy your trip!
What is the weather in Las Vegas on March 11th
The average temperature is 81 degrees Fahrenheit and 3 percent chance of rain
What about the wind speed and humidity?
Around 19 percent humidity and 10 miles per hour is the wind speed
Okay. Find me a round trip flight to there
When is your return?
On the 13th
From where are you departing? Will you leave on March 11th?
Look for flights from Seattle, WA on 6th of March
There are 2 flights. How about Southwest Airlines that takes off at 6:50 pm and returning takes off at 9:55 am. The total cost for ticket is $219
What is the arrival time? From where does flight leaves?
The arrival time is 10:40 pm from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport
Do you have anything else?
What about United Airlines? It takes off at 10:10 am and returning flight takes off at 1:40 pm. The cost is $221
Fine. Look for a house there
How about 1215 South Las Vegas Boulevard? It's rating is 3.7
Is there any other house?
How about 217 Las Vegas Boulevard North which has a rating of 3.5
That's perfect
Do you want to make a reservation
No Not now
Do you need anything else?
No Thank you
You are welcome
What's the weather going to be like in Chi-town on 3rd of March?
I don't have the specific temperature forecast for that day, but the average temperature for that day is 67 degrees. There is a small chance of rain, about 36 percent.
That sounds good. I guess I'll schedule a round trip flight. I prefer to fly with Southwest Airlines. I have their frequent flyer card.
So you will be leaving on March 3rd from which city?
Yes, that's right. I'll be leaving from from Los Angeles.
Alright, what day will you be returning to Los Angeles?
I'm going to stay for about a week. The 10th of this month will be good.
Sure, Southwest Airlines has 1 flight costing $250 that departs at 7:20 am from LA. The return flight departs at 6:45 am.
Those times will work fine for me. Can you help me find a house to stay at while I am there?
Yes, there is a really nice house close to many attractions with a rating of 4.4. It is located at 1 South Franklin Street.
Ummm, are there any others. I prefer more luxurious accommodations. I need laundry service also. I would prefer something with a rating higher than 4.4.
Well, there is another house located at 1 West Wacker Drive. But it also has a 4.4 rating.
I guess that will work, with a name like West Wacker it has to be good!
Haha, it's been a pleasure helping you! Goodbye.
I want to find out what the weather will be like in Paris, France on March 3rd.
The temperature on that day should be 93 degrees Fahrenheit with a 6 percent chance of rain.
All right. Find me a round trip flight to get there on economy class. I need 2 tickets from ATL.
Will you leave on March 3rd? When will you return?
That sounds great to me. I will return on Tuesday next week.
Do you want to fly with American Airlines? The flight takes off at 3:25 pm and the return flight takes off at 4:05 am. This ticket costs $373.
Do you have something else available?
I have a Delta Airlines flight available that takes off at 3:40 pm and that has a return flight taking off at 5:35 pm. This ticket is $376.
Okay, could you find me a house in Paris to stay in for 2?
There are 10 houses that are available. One nice house is located at 1 Place de la Sorbonne, 75005, and it has a 4.5 rating.
Do you have something else available?
There is one nice house at 1 Rue Daunou, 75002. It is rated 4.2.
That house sounds great.
Would you like a reservation for the house?
No, not right now.
Could I do something else for you?
No, but thanks for helping.
It was great assisting you. Goodbye.
Please help me check the weather in Ny on this Sunday.
It's 74 degrees Fahrenheit with a 23 percent chance of rain.
Okay, please find a round trip flight for one.
Are you going to leave on March 3rd? And which city you want to depart from?
I want to travel today and flights from Atlanta GA.
When will you come back?
On March 6th.
Do you like to fly with American Airlines? It takes off at 6:25 am and returns at 11:20 am. Ticket costs $133.
How many stops?
0 stops.
Which airport does it leave from?
From Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport.
Okay, please find me a house to stay there.
I found a nice house at 100 Greenwich Street with a 4.4 rating.
Any other else?
How about 100-15 Ditmars Boulevard East Elmhurst NY 11369 USA with a 4.2 rating?
That one is good!
Will I reserve you the house?
Not now.
Anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks.
You are welcome.
I need to check out the weather on March 11th.
What city are you looking for the weather in?
Kuala Lumpur.
The average temperature for that day should be 99 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 2 percent chance of rain.
Okay. I'd like to get a round trip flight there.
What day do you want to take the return flight? WOuld you like to leave on March 11th? What city will you leave from?
I want to start traveling next Monday. Find flights from Seattle, WA that return on 13th of March.
How about flying with American Airlines? The flight leaves at 4:55 am and return flight takes off at 5:05 am. This ticket costs $383.
How many stops does the flight have? Is it a redeye?
It has 1 stop and it is an overnight flight.
I'd like to find a house to stay in with a 4.2 rating and it needs to have laundry service for 1 person.
There are 10 houses available for this search. There is one house at 1, Jalan Pantai Baharu, Jaya Tower 3, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan. It has a 4.2 rating.
That sounds great.
Do youw ant to make a reservation?
No, not right now.
Could I do something else for you?
No, thank you for helping.
It was my pleasure. Goodbye.
I need to finish making plans for my upcoming trip. Can you check the weather for me?
Sure, where are you going?
I'll be in New York.
Ok, looks like it'll be an average of 66 degrees with a 37 percent chance of rain.
Great, that's perfect.
Anything else I can do?
Yeah, I still need to book my flight. Can you find me a flight out of ATL on the 1st? Any airline is fine.
Sure, when are you returning?
I want to fly back Friday next week.
Ok, I found 3 possible flights. There's an American Airlines flight for $139 at 6:25 am that comes back at 11:20 am.
Ok, perfect. Can you also find a house I can rent there?
Sure, there's a nice one at 100 Greenwich Street with a 4.4 rating on the dates of your trip.
That sounds perfect.
Do you want to make a reservation?
No, I'll do that later. That's all.
Ok, have a good day.
Please check the weather.
What city do you want?
Check the weather in Paris.
The average temperature is 77 degrees F and 26 % chance of rain.
Thank you for the info.
Is there anything else?
I also need a flight for the 1st of March.
What is departure day and city?
Depart city is Los Angeles and returns on the day after tomorrow.
I found 2. I have an American Airlines that departs at 9:40 am and return flight departing at 4:05 am for $392.
I need a house for 1 with a 3.9 or higher rating.
I have 1 Place de la Sorbonne 75005 rated at 3.9.
Do you have others?
I have one at 1 Rue Daunou, 75002 rated 3.9.
I accept this, that is all I need.
It was nice helping you and have a good day.
Can you help me look up the weather for San Diego on March 13th?
It should be 75 degrees Fahrenheit on average with a 19 percent chance it will rain.
Alright. Now I need a round trip flight to get there. And I'll be traveling from San Fran.
Will you be departing on March 13th? And when will you be returning?
I'll be departing on the 11th of March and I want to return on March 13th.
Are you okay with Alaska Airlines? There's a flight that departs at 6:10 am with the return flight taking off at 5:10 pm. It will cost $110 per ticket.
What else is there? And how about flights from Portland, OR?
There are 2 flights that match. Are you okay with American Airlines? There's a flight that departs at 7:20 am with the return flight taking off at 7:30 am. It will cost $183 per ticket.
Alright. And I also need to get a house when I'm there.
There's a house you might enjoy at 1003 Coast Boulevard, La Jolla, California 92037, United States. It has a rating of 4.6.
Do they have laundry service?
Yes, they have laundry service.
What other house are available?
There's a house you might enjoy at 10044 Pacific Mesa Boulevard. It has a rating of 4.5
Let's keep looking for houses.
There's a house you might enjoy at 1047 Fifth Avenue. It has a rating of 4.4.
That seems like it would be great.
Do you want me to book the house?
No, I don't need to book it right now. That's all the help I need.
It's been a pleasure helping you. Take care.
Hello. What is the weather going to be like in SD on the March 12th?
The weather is expected to be 90 oF with a 10 % chance of rain.
What's the humidity supposed to be?
The humidity is expected to be around 27 %.
How windy will it be?
Not very windy; only about 5 mph.
Okay, great. I'd like to book a round-trip flight to San Diego. Could you get me premium economy tickets on United Airlines. I'll be going to Vegas.
No problem! What day would you like to return to San Diego?
On the 14th.
Great! And you're leaving on March 12th, is that right?
No, I plan on leaving on the 9th.
Okay, thanks! Can you confirm the following details, please? You're booking 1 seat on a United Airlines flight the leaves at 9:35 am. The returning flight leaves at 2:20 pm. The total cost of tickets will be $167.
Wait, where does the flight land?
The flight will arrive at SAN International Airport.
What time will the flight arrive in Vegas?
The flight will land at 10:49 am.
Okay, that's all good. I need to find a house to stay in in San Diego, for two people. It must have laundry service and have a rating of 4.2 or higher.
Okay! I found one house at 1003 Coast Boulevard, La Jolla, California 92037, United States. It has a rating of 4.2.
I'd like a house actually in San Diego.
No problem! How about a house at 10044 Pacific Mesa Boulevard? It has a rating of 4.2.
Okay, that should be fun. That's all for today.
Bye!
I need to check the weather in Phoenix, AZ on March 5th
The average day temperature is running at 73 degrees Fahrenheit and the chances of rain is 12 percent.
Okay and i wanted to find a round trip flight to get there
Which city are you leaving from and are you leaving on March 5th? which day you are coming back?
I will be departing on 2nd of this month. Please look for flights from SF.I will be returning on the 9th
I have short listed 4 flights of your likings. One among them is American Airlines which takes off at 8:10 am and returning at 6:15 am with total cost $169
What is the number of stops of flight and is this a redeye flight?
The flight has just 1 stop and it is not an overnight flight
Anything else?
What is your opinion on Delta Airlines which takes off at 5:50 am and returns at 11:55 am with ticket costing $120
Fine and i need to search for a staying house
I have short listed 10 houses of your likings. One among them isat 10 East Thomas Road with rating 4.6
This house is perfect for me
You want to make booking for this house?
No, not now
Anything else you need
no, thnak you
it is my pleasure.bye
What's the weather going to be like on March 10th?
What city do you want me to check the weather in?
Toronto, Canada please.
The average temperature should be 73 degree Fahrenheit with a 26 percent chance of rain.
Okay, thanks. I'd like to buy 3 round trip flight tickets to get there.
Okay, what day are you returning and are you departing on March 10th? Also, what city are you departing from?
I'm departing on March 4th from Atlanta and returning on the 12th.
Okay, there is an American Airlines flight departing at 3:25 pm and the return flight departs at 10:05 am for $225.
Okay, thanks. I also need a house for two people in Toronto with laundry service.
There's a house at 108 Chestnut Street with a 4.2 rating.
What other houses are there?
There's another house at 111 Carlton Street with a 3.0 rating.
What is the phone number for this house?
The phone number is +1 800-780-7234.
I'd like a different house with at least a 3.4 rating.
What about a house at 111 Lombard Street? It has a 3.4 rating.
That house is great, that is all I needed.
Have a great day!
Could you check what the weather will be like on March 11th?
Which city are you interested in?
In KL please.
It says that there is a 2 percent chance of rain with a temp of 99 degrees Fahrenheit.
that is fine. Could you help me book round trip flights there.
From which city and what are you departure and return dates? Will you be returning on March 11th?
I will be leaving from SFO on March 1st and yes I will return on 11th of March 2019.
There is an American Airlines flight leaving at 5:20 am returning at 5:05 am costing $405 altogether.
Is this an economy ticket?
Yes it is economy.
fine I also want to find accommodation there.
There is a place at 1, Jalan 2/142a, Taman Len Seng, 56000 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan with a rating of 3.8.
That is perfect thanks that is everything for today.
Your very welcome goodbye.
I'm doing a bit of traveling in the next few days. Can you check the weather in Rohnert Park for me?
Sure, looks like the average is 84 degrees Fahrenheit with a 23 percent chance of rain.
How about the wind and humidity?
It will be about 35 percent humidity and an average wind speed of 7 miles per hour.
Great. Can you also check the weather for LA on March 10th?
Sure. The average will be 91 degrees Fahrenheit there with a 10 percent chance of rain.
Ok, that's fine. I still need to book my flight from Paris. Can you find me tickets with a return flight on March 11th?
Sure - will you be leaving March 10th?
No, I want to fly out on the 6th of this month and preferably with Delta Airlines if possible.
Ok, I found 1 flight that might work for you. There's a Delta Airlines flight for $335 that takes off at 5:35 pm and comes back at 8:25 am. How about that?
That sounds fine. Can you also find me a house to stay in?
Sure, there are 10 that came up in my search. There's a nice one with a 4.2 rating at 1020 South Figueroa Street. How about that?
What other ones did you find? I forgot to mention it's for one person only and I want a 3.7 rating or higher.
I found 9 options that look pretty nice. There's one on 10320 West Olympic Boulevard with a 3.7 rating. How about that?
What else came up? It needs to have laundry service, and just in case I decide to bring a friend, I realized I should book it for 2 people.
Ok, looks like there's 8 houses that fit your criteria. There's one on 10740 Wilshire Boulevard with a 3.7 rating.
What's their phone number?
It's +1 310-475-8711.
I just looked up that house and it looks great.
Good to hear - want to make a reservation?
No, not yet. That's all for now.
Ok, happy to help. See you.
Tell me what the weather will be on the 6th of this month in Delhi, India.
There is a 0 percent chance of precipitation with an average temperature of 93 degrees.
Find me a round trip flight to get there and I want to return on March 14th.
Will you be departing on March 6th?
I will be departing on the 3rd.
What city are you flying out of?
I am departing from Seattle, WA.
Search revealed 1 flight. It is a United Airlines flight that departs at 12:30 pm and the return flight departs at 1:10 am. The total cost is $400.
I see. I need a house to stay in.
12, Doctor APJ Abdul Kalam Road, New Delhi has a 4.5 rating.
That works for me.
Do you want me to make a booking for you?
No, not right now. That is all.
It was enjoyable to help. Bye for now.
I will be travelling soon and I would like to know the weather.
Where do you want to check the weather?
Check the weather in Phoenix, AZ on March 8th.
The temperature will be around 77 degrees Fahrenheit with a 15 percent chance of rain.
That sounds delightful. I will need a round trip flight for Phoenix, AZ.
Where do you want to leave from?
Find departures from Ciudad de Mexico.
When do you want to return?
Make the return flight on the 10th of this month.
Do you want to leave on March 8th or when?
No, I want the departure for tomorrow.
There is an American Airlines flight that the onward flight departs at 8:05 am and the returning flight departs at 6:15 am. It has a cost of $262.
What type of ticket is it? And when does the onward flight arrives?
It is an Economy class ticket and the flight arrives at 1:38 pm.
Ok, I also need to find a house there.
There are 10 houses you might like. There is a house with a 4.6 rating at 10 East Thomas Road.
That sounds good enough.
Do you want to book the house?
Not right now, that would be all for now.
Have a great day.
What will the weather be on March 1st in Atlanta, GA?
The average temperature is forecasted to be 86 degrees and there is a 28 percent change of rain.
Will it be very humid or windy?
Winds are expected to average 11 miles and hour and the humidity will be about 45 percent.
Thanks. Now I need to book a round trip flight there.
I have you leaving on March 1st, is that correct? Also, what day will you be returning?
Yes, I'm leaving then and want to travel to NY. I need to return on March 9th.
There are 4 flights available. American Airlines has a flight that leaves at 11:20 am and the return flight departs at 6:25 am. The ticket price is $126.
What other flights are available? I'm interested in an economy ticket.
Delta Airlines has a flight for $140 that leaves at 11:25 am. The flight back departs at 3:40 pm.
Is this a flight with 0 stops?
Yes, there are 0 stops on this flight.
What airport does the flight depart from and when will I land at my destination?
Your flight woud leave from JFK International Airport and lands at 1:47 pm.
What other flights did you find?
There is a flight departing at 9:50 pm on Southwest Airlines. The return flight leaves at 9:20 am and the price is $163.
Thanks. Now I need to look for a house there to stay in. Please look for ones with laundry service.
I found 10 houses you may like. There is a home with a 4.3 star rating at 101 Andrew Young International Boulevard Northwest.
What other houses are there with atleast a 2.8 star rating?
There are 9 homes I can suggestion. The first is 1065 Peachtree Street Northeast. It has a 2.8 rating.
Sounds good, thanks. I'm done now.
Happy to help! Goodbye.
Can you tell me the weather of KL on the March 4th?
Sure. The average for March 4th is 87 degrees and the probability of rain is 8 percent.
Sounds fine. Can you find me a plane that goes there from San Francisco? I'm leaving this Saturday and would prefer a round trip and economy seats.
Sure. When would you like to come back?
I need to be back on March 13th.
There is 1 American Airlines flight which leaves at 5:20 am and has a returning flight which departs at 5:05 am. It costs $415.
Wait, did I say I needed 4 tickets? I actually only need 1. And what time does the returning flight land?
No worries, I'm just looking for 1 seat. And the flight lands at 9:56 am.
Great. Can you look for a house for me to use there?
Sure. I see 10 houses you might like. One of them has a 3.8 rating and is at 1, Jalan 2/142a, Taman Len Seng, 56000 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan.
Okay. Do you have its phone number?
Its number is +60 3-9100 1133.
Perfect. Thank you for your help.
No problem. See you later.
What is the weather suppose to be in Paris, France on March 3rd?
The average temperature is 93 degrees with a 6 percent chance of rain.
How humid? How windy?
The humidity is expected to be around 18 percent. The wind should be 4 mph.
Ok, I need a round trip flight to get there.
Re you leaving on March 3rd?
Yes, I am.
What day are you coming back? What city are you leaving from?
I want an economy ticket leaving from Chicago on March 14th.
I found 1 flight with Delta Airlines that leaves at 6:40 pm. The returning flight leaves at 11:20 pm. The ticket cost is $238.
I need a house to stay in.
I found a home at 1 Place de la Sorbonne, 75005. The rating is 4.5.
The house is perfect.
Are you ready to make a reservation?
No, not now.
Is there anything else?
No, that is all.
Have a nice day.
What's the weather forecast to be like on the 9th?
Whereabouts do you want to check?
I want to go to NYC.
In NYC the average temperature will be 70 degrees Fahrenheit, and there will be a 38 percent chance of rain.
What about the humidity levels and winds?
Humidity is forecast to be around 47 percent, and there will be wind speeds of 7 miles an hour.
Well, that's reasonable. So I'd like to make a round flight trip there, starting on 2nd of this month.
Where will you depart from?
From London, England.
When will you take the return flight?
On March 14th.
You could fly with Delta Airlines, departing at 3:35 pm, returning at 6:20 pm, at a total cost of $247.
Right ho. And I'll also need to find somewhere to stay, preferably a house with a 4.4 rating or higher. It'll just be for one person, but I'd like laundry service available.
Well, there are 10 houses that match your expectations. You could stay at 102 West 57th Street, it has a 4.4 rating.
Excellent! That's all I need then.
I'm happy to help! Bye for now.
I want to know how the weather will be on the 9th.
Can you tell me for which city should I check the weather for?
I want to know the weather in LAX.
The average temperature in LAX for the day should be 94 degrees Fahrenheit, and with a chance of 13 percent of rain.
Alright, can you check the weather for March 1st?
For your requested date the average temperature should be 76 degrees Fahrenheit, and the chance of raining is 28 percent.
Can you tell me how windy is it going to be?
The average speed of the wind is expected to be 4 miles per hours.
Alright, fine. I need to have a round trip flight to go there. I want you to look for flights departing from New York City.
Can you tell me the day when you will have the return flight?
I will depart for my flight on March 1st, and I will have my return flight on March 13th.
Would you like flying with American Airlines? This flight will depart at 3:40 pm, and when it returns it will leave at 6:20 pm. The price for the ticket of this flight is $245.
Okay. I will also need a place to sleep there, so find me a house, which has a laundry service. I will need the house for one person.
There are 10 houses which match what you want. One of the good houses with a rating of 4.2 is located at 1020 South Figueroa Street.
This house seems as what I want. That would be all.
I enjoy helping you. Good bye!
I would like to check out the weather in Toronto, Ontario on March 4th.
The average temperature for the day will be around 70 degrees Fahrenheit with a 38 percent chance of rain.
Will it be humid?
The humidity will be around 33 percent.
How windy will it be?
It should be around 13 miles per hour on average.
Okay. I need to find a round trip flight starting on March 4th 2019 and returning on the 11th.
What city will you leave from?
Find flights in Atlanta, GA.
Would you like to fly with American Airlines? This flight leaves at 3:25 pm and return leaves at 12:50 pm. This ticket is $229.
Is this flight a redeye?
No, it isn't an overnight.
Okay. Find me a house to stay there for one person. The rating should be 4.1 or higher.
There are 10 houses available. There is a nice one at 108 Chestnut Street and it has a 4.1 rating.
That house is great.
Do you want to make a reservation at this house?
No, not now. That's all for now.
It was great assisting you. Bye.
I need to see what the weather is in Portland, OR on the 12th of this month.
The average temperature is 72 degrees with a 16 percent chance of rain.
How windy?
It should be averaging 11 MPH.
How humid?
Around 30 percent.
I need a round trip flight there from Atlanta.
Are you leaving March 12th?
I am leaving March 4th and returning on the 12th of March 2019. I want economy seats.
There is an American Airlines flight that leaves at 2:30 pm and the return flight leaves at 7:20 am. The cost is $333.
Ok, I also need a house with laundry service.
I found 10 homes including 1000 Northeast Multnomah Street. Is has a 4.2 rating.
That is perfect.
Are you ready to make a reservation?
No, not yet. That is all.
Have a nice day.
Can I get the weather for March 2nd?
Of course. What city?
For SF
The average temperature will be 72 degrees Fahrenheit with just a 15 percent chance of rain.
Ok. Book me a round trip flight to go
Departing from where? You'll arrive March 2nd?
No, I'll go on the 1st of this month from Seattle
And returning when?
I need to come back on the 4th of March
How about an Alaska Airlines flight? Departing at 12 pm with the return at 2:55 pm. The trip costs $137
What time will I get in?
The arrival time is 2:11 pm
Ok. Find me a house while I'm there for the 2 of us. It has to have laundry available
1095 Market Street is a nice house with a 3.7 rating
Can I get their phone number?
You can reach them at +1 415-829-0000.
Anything else? I need at least a 3.8 rating
1100 Market Street Hotel Entrance is at, 45 McAllister Street is also nice, with a 3.8 rating
Can I get their number?
You can call them at +1 415-735-7777.
Ok great
Would you like to book a reservation there?
No, I'm good for now thanks.
Always happy to help. Take care.
What's the weather forecast?
What city do you want weather for?
Give me weather for Portland, OR on March 8th.
The forecast calls for an average temperature of 70 degrees Fahrenheit with a 50 percent chance of rain.
Thanks. What's the forecast for March 4th?
The average temperature for the day is forecast to be 68 degrees Fahrenheit. The chance of rain is 18 percent.
Good. Please help me find round-trip flights to that city.
Will you be leaving on March 4th? When do you want to return? What city will you be leaving from?
Yes, that's when I'll leave. I need a flight from New York City that returns on the 12th.
There is an American Airlines flight for $313. It takes off at 4:45 pm, and the return flight leaves at 5 am.
When does the return leg get in?
The returning flight will arrive at 6:01 pm.
Is anything else available? I will need two tickets.
Southwest Airlines also flies that route. That flight is $338 and takes off at 5:55 pm. The return flight departs at 4:55 pm.
Sounds good. I will also need a house to stay in there.
I have 10 houses for you to consider. I recommend a nice house at 1000 Northeast Multnomah Street that has a 4.2 rating.
Do they offer laundry service? What's the phone number there?
Yes, they do have laundry service. Their number is +1 503-281-6111.
What else is available for houses? I want a 4.4 rating or better.
I have 10 houses for your review. First up is a house rated 4.4, which is located at 1150 Northwest 9th Avenue.
That one sounds great.
Do you want to make reservation now?
No, not yet. That's all I needed.
I'm glad to assist. Bye!
I want to check the weather condition on 9th of this month for which I need your help.
In which area do you want to check for the weather condition?
Check it in Kuala Lumpur.
please note that the average temperature level will be 92 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 0 % for rain fall there on that day.
What about the Wind Speed on that day?
It will be around 8 miles per hour in average on that day.
And what will be the Humidity level in the mentioned area?
Humidity will be around 15 %. Any more information you need?
That is enough and thanks. Can you search for a round trip flight to go there and I prefer American Airlines.
When is your planned date of return to search for a round trip flight?
I have planned to return on March 13th.
Where are you leaving from and do you want me to book the flight which leaves on March 9th?
Search for the round trip flight from Seattle on 6th of March and I need one ticket.
Got 1 flight with American Airlines which takes off at 4:55 am and the return flight will take off at 5:05 am for which the ticket cost is $375. What about your comments on this.
What is the arrival time of the flight to its destination and please confirm whether it is a redeye flight?
This flight will arrive at 7:42 pm and it is an overnight flight. Hope this information was useful.
Yes. I need your help to find a House there to stay for a while.
What about a house located at 1, Jalan 2/142a, Taman Len Seng, 56000 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan with rating 3.8?
Any other houses that you have in your searched list?
Yes how about a house located at 1, Jalan Pantai Baharu, Jaya Tower 3, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan with rating 4.2?
That is the one I want to find. Thanks for your help. That's all for now.
Have a good day.
i want to check weather in seattle on march 6th
The average temperature for the day is 64 degrees fahrenheit and there is 27 percent chance to rain
how about wind?
The average wind speed is 4 miles per hour
how much humid will it be?
its around 29 percent
okay. I would like to find round trip flight to get there
on which date you want to take return flight
Return on friday next week
Which city do you wanna depart from and are you leabing on march 6th
Yes. Thats great. Look for flights from portland
I have 2 flights for you. Would youlike to fly with American airlines which takes off at 6 am and takes off at 8:05 am costs $66
Is there anything else? I wanna fly with united airlines
WOuld you like to fly with united airlines which takes off at 7:15 am and return takes off at 4:15 am and costs $79
DOes the flight have one stops?
The flight has 0 stops
Oaky
Can i help you more?
I want to find a house to stay there.
There's one good house located at 1000 1st avenue rated 4.5
This one is great. Thats all I need.
Its my pleasure to assist you. Bye
What'll the weather be like in Vegas on March 11th?
The average will be 81 degrees with a 3 percent chance of rian.
Sounds good, can you get me a round trip flight there?
Will you be leaving March 11th and where will you be leaving from? When will you be returning?
I'll leave on the 10th of March from Vancouver and return on March 13th.
I found 2 flights that might work. There's a Delta Airlines flight for $221 that departs at 12:55 pm and returns at 12:20 pm.
What are the origin and destination airports?
It leaves from YVR International Airport and arrives in McCarran International Airport.
Any other flights?
There's a United Airlines flight for $234 that takes off at 6:05 pm and returns at 12:05 pm.
Can you also book me a stay at a house with laundry service? It'll just be for one.
There's one with a rating of 3.7 at 1215 South Las Vegas Boulevard.
What's the phone number?
They're at +1 702-489-7500.
That's great. Thanks, that's all I need at the moment.
My pleasure, bye.
Can you tell me the weather in NYC for Wednesday next week?
Sure, the average temprature is expected to be around 64 degrees with a 26 percent chance of rain.
Cool, I also need a round trip flight to get there.
What is your city of departure? Would you be leaving on march 6th and when are you planning to take the return flight?
I would be traveling tomorrow from vancouver and would return on 12th of this month.
I have found 1 delta airlines flight for you that takes off at 2:50 am. Return flight takes off at 6 am and the total cost is $309
What time does the returning flight arrive? is it a business class ticket?
No, the seat is economy. The flight arrives at 11:11 am
Okay, also find me a place to stay for one person with a 3.6 rating or higher
I have found 10 houses with a minimum rating of 3.6. There's a nice one located at 100 greenwich street
Does it offer laundry services?
Yes, it does have laundry service
The place sounds great
Should I make the reservation for the place?
No, I would do that later. That's all for now.
Have a great time!
I want to know the weather in Phoenix, AZ.
The average temperature in Phoenix, AZ for the day is expected to be 89 degrees Fahrenheit. Also there is a 15 percent chance that it will rain.
Alright fine. I want you to find me a round trip flight to go there. I would like for the flight ticket to be an Economy class one.
Can you tell me the day when you will be having your return flight? Will you be departing on March 1st?
That suits me well. I will be returning on 4th of this month.
Can you tell me from which city you will leave?
I will be departing for my flight from SFO.
Would you like flying with Delta Airlines, with the flight which leaves at 5:50 am and when it returns it leaves at 11:55 am. The price for this flight ticket is $118.
Is there something else you can suggest?
How would you consider flying with Southwest Airlines, with the flight which leaves at 6:15 pm, and when it returns it leaves at 6 am. The price for this flight ticket is $125.
Are there some other flights which you can suggest? I am interested in buying three tickets, and I want to fly with the United Airlines.
There is 1 flight which matches what you want. How would you consider to fly with United Airlines, with the outbound flight leaving at 2:15 pm, and with the return flight leaving at 11:50 pm? The price for this ticket is $135.
Can you check if this is a redeye flight?
From what I can see this is an overnight flight.
Alright. I need to find a house where I can stay there.
There are 10 houses which match what you want. A good house which I can suggest that has a rating of 4.6 is located at 10 East Thomas Road.
Are there some other houses which you can recommend?
Another good house with a 3.8 rating can be found at 10210 North 26th Drive.
Can you find some other houses for me? More specifically I would like for the house to have a 4.5 rating or higher.
There are 9 houses which you might like. A good house with a rating of 4.5 can be found at 132 South Central Avenue.
Can you check if this house has laundry service?
I can confirm that the house has laundry service.
This house seems as what I want. That would be all.
I enjoy helping you. Good bye!
I want to know the weather for March 11th.
Can you tell me the city where I should check the weather?
I want to know the weather in NY.
The average temperature for the day in NY should be 65 degrees Fahrenheit, and the chance of rain is 34 percent.
Alright, that is fine.
Do you want me to help you with something else?
I also am in need of finding a round trip flight to go there. I will be returning on 11th of March 2019.
Can you tell me from which city you will leave?
I want to leave for my flight from Atlanta.
Can you tell me if you will be leaving on March 11th?
I would like for my flight to start on 6th of this month.
How would you consider flying with American Airlines, with the flight that departs at 6:25 am, and when it returns it leave at 11:20 am. The price for the ticket of this flight is $128.
Alright. Now I need to find a house to stay there.
A good house with a rating of 4.4 which I can suggest is located at 100 Greenwich Street.
Is there some other house you can suggest? The rating of the house I am looking for should be 4.7 or higher.
I have found 3 houses which match what you want. A good house with a rating of 4.7 is located at 153 West 57th Street.
Can you give me the phone number for this house? Also can you check if the have laundry service?
Unfortunately this place does not have laundry service. If you want to call them you can at +1 646-774-1234.
This house seems as good choice.
Do you want to have a reservation be made for this house?
No, I do not want to make a reservation at this this moment.
Is there something else I can help you with?
Nothing. I appreciate your help.
I enjoy helping you. Good bye!
What is the weather in New Delhi on 9th of this month?
The temperature for March 9th will be 91 degrees Fahrenheit with 3 percent chance of raining.
How will the humidity be?
It will be around 18 percent.
How about the wind?
It is going to be around 2 miles per hour.
Sounds great. I need to find a round trip flight for four. Departing from SFO, if possible from American Airlines.
Do you wnt to leave on March 9th? When do you want to return?
I want to leave on the 5th of March and return on March 9th 2019.
There is an American Airlines flight that departs at 1:15 pm and returns at 9:20 am. It has a cost of $352.
To what airport does it land and when does it arrive?
It arrives at 4:07 pm and lands to Indira Gandhi International Airport.
Perfect, I will also need housing for one person.
There are 10 possible options. There is a house with a 4.5 rating at 12, Doctor APJ Abdul Kalam Road, New Delhi.
That sounds great, that would be all.
Have a great day.
can you check the weather on 4th of this month?
Can you tell me which city should I look into?
I want to the weather in Sunol.
The expected average temperature for the day is 93 degrees Fahrenheit with 14 percent chance of rain.
can you tell me the expected humidity and wind speed?
The expected humidity is 17 percent and the expected wind speed is 12 mph.
Okay. Can you check the weather on March 7th?
The expected average temperature for the day is 72 degrees Fahrenheit with 14 percent chance of rain.
Okay, Can you check the weather in Chi-town?
The expected average temperature for the day is 74 degrees Fahrenheit with 23 percent chance of rain.
Okay. Can you find me one ticket in any class in a round trip flight returning on 9th of March?
What will be your boarding point?
I will be leaving from LAX.
Is the date of departure March 7th?
The date of departure is the 2nd.
There are 3 flights suitable to you. One is an American Airlines flight taking of at 8:30 am and the returning flight takes off at 4:30 am. The ticket is priced at $164.
What is the destination of the flight?
The destination is O'Hare International Airport.
Can you search for any other flights?
How about Delta Airlines? The flight takes off at 7:15 pm and returns at 5:25 pm. Thee ticket is priced at $167.
Can you check how many stops does the flight have?
The flight has 0 stop around the journey.
Okay. Can you find me a house to stay there?
I found 10 houses suitable to you. One house is located at 1 South Franklin Street with 4.4 ratings.
This house sounds great to me.
can I help you with anything else?
No. That will be all. Thank you
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day!
What will the weather be like on March 6th?
Where would you like to check?
Please check Chi-town.
Okay, the average temperature will be around 69 degrees with a 5 percent chance of rain.
Great, thanks. Can you get me a return flight there?
Certainly, where will you depart from?
I'm leaving from San Fran.
Okay, would you like to leave on March 6th? When will you return?
No, I'd like to leave a little earlier. I'll depart on the 5th of March and return on the 11th.
Okay great. I found 3 flights for you. How about American Airlines? You can depart at 4:25 pm, with the return flight departing at 7:05 am. The total cost in $227.
Is it economy or business class? When does the return flight arrive?
It's an economy seat. The return flight arrives in San Fran at 9:52 am.
Okay, that sounds good. Can you find me a house to stay at?
Sure, how about 1 South Franklin Street? It has a 4.4 rating.
Is there anything else? I just need it for 1 person.
There are 9 available houses. How about 1 West Wacker Drive? It's 4.5 rated.
That sounds perfect.
Should I reserve it for you?
No, that'll be all thanks.
Okay, have a nice day.
What is the weather like in Nairobi, Kenya?
The average daytime temperature should be around 105 degrees and there is a 0 percent chance of rain.
Okay thanks. I'd like to find a round trip flight to that destination.
Where will you be departing from? Will you be leaving on March 1st? Also, when would you like to take the return flight?
I'd like flights from San Fran leaving on March 9th.
There is 1 flight with American Airlines leaving at 7:05 am. The return flight leaves at 5:35 am and the total cost for a ticket is $503.
What time does the flight arrive at my destination and where will it be leaving from?
The flight will arrive at 5:57 pm and it leaves from SFO International Airport.
Ok great. While I'm there I'd like to find a house for two people to stay in with a rating of at least 4.6.
I have found a nice place on Chiromo Road with a rating of 4.6.
What is the telephone number?
Their phone number is +254 703 049000.
That house seems perfect for my needs.
Would you like to reserve this house now?
Not right now thanks. I don't need help with anything else.
Ok no problem. Goodbye.
What will the weather in LA be like on March 13th?
The average temperature will be 94 degrees Fahrenheit with a 19 percent chance of rain.
What will the wind speed be?
5 miles per hour.
Okay. Can you help me with 3 round trip tickets to go there leaving the 5th and returning the 14th of March.
What is your departure city?
Departing from New York City.
There is a flight on American Airlines departing at 7:45 pm and returning at 6:20 pm for a total of $276.
What is the departing airport and is this a redeye flight?
It is an overnight flight taking off from JFK International Airport.
Okay. I also need lodging there.
1020 South Figueroa Street is a nice 4.2 rated house.
Sounds really great. That's all.
Okay. Please call again.
Could you find out what the weataher will be like in Atherton on March 2nd?
It will be 93 degrees fahrenheit on average that day with a 17 percent chance of rain.
Check the weather on March 4th for SF.
The temperature will be 71 degrees fahrenheit on average with a 16 percent change of rain.
Will it be humid or windy?
The humidity will be around 19 percent and there will be a wind speed of 8 miles an hour.
Okay. I need to find a round trip flight to get there.
What city will you leave from and which day will you return? Will you leave on March 4th?
I would like to leave later today from Atlanta, Ga. I will return on the 13th of March.
How about flying with American Airlines? The flight takes off at 11:40 am and return flight takes off at 3:50 pm. The ticket will be $233.
Do you need something else?
Would you like to fly on Delta Airlines? The flight leaves at 12:50 pm and return flight takes off 5:25 pm. The ticket will be $189.
Great. Find me a house with a 4.4 rating or higher to stay at for two people. I need laundry service.
There is a house at 138 King Street with a rating of 4.4.
Could I get a contact number for the house?
The phone number is +1 415-200-4977.
Could you find me another house?
There is one nice house at 440 Post Street with a 4.4 rating.
That house sounds good. That is all the info I needed.
I enjoyed helping you. Goodbye.
I'd like to check the weather on March 14th.
Where would you like to find out the weather?
I want to know the weather in San Diego.
The average temperature will be 76 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 2 percent chance of rain.
Okay, how is the weather on March 9th?
The average temperature will be 83 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 25 percent chance of rain.
That sounds fine. I'd like to get a round trip flight there.
Are you wanting to leave on March 9th? And when do you want to return?
I'd like to leave on the 6th of March and return on March 9th 2019.
Where would you like to leave from?
I'd like to leave from Los Angeles.
I have found 1 flight for you. It's an American Airlines flight that leaves at 7:20 am and returns at 7:30 pm. It costs $69.
Is it a redeye?
It is not.
Is it economy or business class?
It's an Economy seat.
Okay, I'd like to find a house to stay at there.
There are 10 houses that could work. One nice option is 1003 Coast Boulevard, La Jolla, California 92037, United States. It has a rating of 4.6.
Does it have laundry service? And what's the phone number?
It does have laundry service and the phone number is +1 855-287-2682.
This sounds great.
Would you like a reservation for it?
No, not right now.
Is there anything else?
Nope, thanks for everything.
It was my pleasure. Bye for now!
Tell me the weather for March 6th.
I can do that for you. Which city do you want the forecast for?
Give me the details about the weather in Sydney, Australia.
There is only a 9 percent chance of rain with a temperature of 89 degrees Fahrenheit.
Will it be windy that day? That makes a difference for me. Also tell me about the humidity.
It will not be too windy with a wind speed of 8 miles per hour. The humidity will hover around 22 percent.
I want to leave San Fran to head to Sydney, Australia. Please find me an affordable round trip flight to that location.
Will the departure date by March 6th? If so, what is the date you wish to return?
I will be leaving San Fran on the 5th of March and returning on the 7th of March.
United Airlines has a flight that leaves at 1:25 pm and has a return departure time of 5:25 am. The flight will cost $238.
I'll need somewhere to stay while I'm there. I'm not looking for a hotel though. Find me a house for four people with a rating of 4.2 or higher.
There are 10 housing options for you while you are on your trip. There's a lovely house located at 1 Kensington Street, Chippendale New South Wales 2008, Australia The rating is 4.2
That house will work just fine. That's all the assistance I require for now. Thank you!
You are very welcome. Please let me know if you need more assistance. Have a good day.
Can you check the weather in New Delhi for the March 6th.
There temperature should be around 93 degrees with 0 percent chance of rain.
Can you find a Premium Economy flight with United Airlines for the 5th of March?
In which city are you departing from?
I will be leaving from Atlanta, Ga.
When would you like to return from this flight?
I will be returning on next Thursday.
I found 1 flight with United Airlines that leaves at 6:50 am and returns at 12:35 pm for $597.
I would like to find a house in that area for 2 people with a rating of 4.3 or more.
There is a house located at 12, Doctor APJ Abdul Kalam Road, New Delhi and the rating is 4.3.
That house sounds great.
Would you like to make a reservation for this house?
No, I just wanted the information.
Have a good day.
Could you tell me the weather forecast for March 2nd.
Which city will I check?
In Chi-town please.
There is a 33 percent chance of rain but the avg temp will be 61 degrees Fahrenheit.
Is it going to be windy?
Wind speed will be around 6 miles per hour.
Fine now I would like a round trip fight to go there.
Are you leaving on March 2nd and from where? Also what is your return flight date?
I will leave from LAX on 1st of this month returning on March 4th.
There is an American Airlines flight departing at 3:05 pm and returning at 4:30 am costing $250 altogether.
When will the returning flight arrive?
It arrives at 7:02 am.
fine now could you search for a house for me.
There are 10 possibilities, one has a 4.4 rating and is located at 1 South Franklin Street.
This house is fantastic, that is all thanks.
It was great to be able to help you, goodbye.
Can you tell me what the weather is suppose to me in SD on March 13th.
The average temperature should be 75 degrees with a 19 percent chance of rain.
I'd like to get an economy round trip flight to SD. I plan to leave on the 5th of this month.
What city are you leaving from and when do you want to return?
I'm leaving from Los Angeles and returning March 13th 2019.
I found 1 flight. It's on American Airlines leaving at 7:20 am and the return flight leaves at 9:50 am. The cost is $62.
Good. I'd also like to find a house to stay in while there.
There's one located at 1003 Coast Boulevard, La Jolla, California 92037, United States. It has a 4.6 rating.
Sounds good. That's all I need for now.
My pleasure. Have a great day.
Can you tell me how's the weather gonna be like on the March 2nd in Nairobi?
There will be a 6 percent chance of rain with an average of 86 degrees Fahrenheit.
Perfect. Can you find a round trip flight to there for me?
Sure. Please tell me where are you flying out of and also if you plan on travelling on March 2nd?
I'll be flying out of Philadelphia today.
OK. When do you plan on returning?
I'll be returning on March 7th.
There's an American Airlines flight costing $383 which takes of at 4:45 pm. The return flight leaves at 5:35 am.
Perfect. Can you please find me a house to stay at destination, for one person, with laundry service, rated 4.4 or higher.
There are 10 houses which match your criteria out of which I recommend 14 Riverside Westlands rated at 4.4.
This sounds awesome.
Do you want me to place a reservation for you?
No, not at the moment. This will be all for now!
My pleasure. Have a nice day!
I wanna see the weather in KL on March 5th
The average temperature needs to be 100 degrees fahrenheit and there will be a 5 percent chance of rain
How windy will it be?
The average wind speed is gonna be 6 miles per hour
How humid will it be?
Humidity is 18 percent
Okay, I want a round trip flight there
are you heading out March 5th?
I wanna travel on the 1st of this month
what city are you leaving from and what day do you wanna take the return flight?
get me economy class tickets and flights coming back from SF and coming back the 13th
wanna fly with american airlines. There is 1 flight leaving at 5:20 am and it comes back at 5:05 am and it is $429
How many stops are there?
there is 1 stop and it arrives at 5:08 pm
I want a house there
10 houses and one is at 1, Jalan 2/142a, Taman Len Seng, 56000 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan and it has a rating of 3.8
The house is good
It was nice speaking to you
Can you tell me the weather for Delhi on March 2nd?
The temperature will reach 95 degrees with 0 percent chance for rain.
Can you find me a round trip flight to delhi that will retun back on the 13th?
Where are you leaving form and did you want to leave on MArch 2nd?
I am flying from San Fran on the 1st of this month.
Okay, I have located 2 flights. American Airlines have a flight for $342, that departs at 1:15 pm and the return flight departs at 1:45 pm.
What flights do you have leaving from Seattle?
United Airlines has a flight that departs at 12:30 pm, the return flight departs at 1:10 am and the cost is $394.
Which airport will i fly out of and where will i get land?
You will dpart from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport and land at Indira Gandhi International Airport.
I also need a house nearby.
How about 12, Doctor APJ ABdul Kalam Road, New Delhi with a 4.5 approval rating.
I will need a house for two people wth laundry services included.
I have 9 houses you may like. How abouw 12, Mangalam Place, Sector 3, Rohini, New Delhi with a 4.3 rating?
What is the phone number?
The contact number is +91 11 4340 0000.
What else do you have?
I have a house available with a 4.3 rating located at 13A, District Centre, Mayur Vihar, New Delhi.
That house may do.
Did you want to reserve it?
No not today.
Do you need anything else?
No that is it.
Okay, enjoy your day.
What's the weather in Toronto, Ontario like?
58 degrees with 13 % chance of rain
Thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a flight from Atlanta Ga to Delta Airlines
Will this be for March 1st and which day are you planning a return flight?
Yes, and March 5th
There's 1 flight you might like with Delta Airlines. It's at 7:50 am and returns 7:15 am for $209.
Great, now I need to book a hotel.
There's 10 available houses. How about a 4.2 rated house located at 108 Chestnut Street.
Perfect
Shall I make a reservation for this house?
Nope, that's all for now.
You're very welcome. Have a great day.
Can you please check the weather in Toronto, Ontario for the March 4th?
There is a average temperature of 70 degrees and there is a 38 percent chance of rain.
Okay. I need to get a flight to Toronto on United Airlines.
From what city are you departing from?
I am leaving from Atlanta, GA and I would like the seats to be in economy please.
What day would you like to return?
I would like to leave on the 4th of March 2019 and return on the 8th of this month.
I found a flight on United Airlines that departs on 6:15 am and the return flight departs at 5:35 pm. The cost is $237 per ticket.
Is this for two passengers?
No, this is for 1 passenger.
Okay. Can you find a house to stay at?
There is a nice house located at 108 Chestnut Street that has a rating of 4.2.
That house sounds great. That is all I need for now, thank you.
You are welcome. Goodbye.
I need to know what the weather is like.
For which city?
For Nairobi, Kenya.
The temperature is 105 degrees Fahrenheit with 0 percent chance of rain.
I want a premium economy class tickets for a round trip flight.
Would you like to leave on March 1st from which city?
That day would be great. I want to leave from Philly.
When would you like to come back?
On March 5th.
There is 1 flight. There is an American Airlines flight that costs $555. The flight leaves at 4:45 pm and returns at 5:35 am.
I need to find a house with laundry service.
There are 10 suitable houses. There is a nice house in 14 Riverside Westlands with a rating of 4.5.
That would be nice. Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot. Take care.
I will be travelling to San Diego. What is the weather like there?
The average temperature for San Diego is around 90 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
That weather sounds nice. Can you help me find a round trip flight there?
Which airport would you like to depart from? Would you like to schedule the departure date for March 1st? When would you like to return?
Please find flights departing from Seattle, WA and returning on the 12th of this month.
There are 3 flights I have found. There is one with American Airlines for $204 that departs at 8:15 am. The return flight takes off at 4:10 am.
Ok. I would like to stay at a house there with a rating of 4.5 or higher.
I found a house rated 4.5 located at 1003 Coast Boulevard, La Jolla, California 92037, United States.
Are there any other houses? There are three people and I would like it to have a rating of 4.2 or higher.
I have found 9 houses in my search. Rated a 4.2, there is a nice house located at 10044 Pacific Mesa Boulevard.
That house is great. Thank you.
No problem. Goodbye.
I have to check the weather in London, England on March 10th
Chance of rain is 6 percent there with average day temperature at 92 degrees Fahrenheit
What is the wind condition there?
The average wind speed is around 5 miles per hour
Fine. I need to find a round trip flight to go there and i need 3 tickets. Can you please flights fro Philly?
Are you moving on March 10th?
I need to travel on 8th of this month
What is your returning flight day?
I will be returning on 14th of March
I have short listed 3 flights of your likings. How about flying in American Airlines? It takes off at 10:10 am and flight returning time is at 2:05 pm with ticket costing $336
Which airport is the flight starting from and which place it lands?
The flight starts from PHL International Airport and is moving to Heathrow International Airport
I wanted Economy class tickets, anything else?
I have short listed 2 flights of your likings. One among them Delta Airlines which takes off at 2:20 pm and returns at 8 am with ticket costing $371
I need a staying house there and also i need laundry service
I have short listed 10 houses of your likings. One among them is located at 1 Addington Street with rating 4.3
Can i have their phone number?
Their contact number is +44 333 400 6116
That is perfect
It was my pleasure.Bye
What would the weather be like on March 6th?
In which city?
In London, Uk.
The temperature would be 85 degrees fahrenheit with a 27 percent chance of rain.
That would be fine. I need a round trip flight to get there.
From where would you like to leave?
I will be leaving from Atlanta.
Would you be leaving on March 6th? When would you like to return?
I will be leaving on the 4th and returning on the 9th of this month.
There are 3 suitable flights. There is an American airlines flight that leaves at 3:30 pm and returns at 8:35 pm. The price is $349. Would you be interested in that?
Where does it land?
at Heathrow International airport.
Sure. I would need a house to stay in when I get there.
There is a lovely house on 1 addington street and it has a rating of 4.3
Is there a number I can reach them at? Do they have laundry service?
Yes, there is laundry service. The number is +44 333 400 6116
Is there anything else? I need a house with a 3.0 rating for two people.
There are 9 available. There is 1 baffin way. It is lovely and has a rating of 3.0
That place sounds ideal.
Would you like to reserve the house?
Not right now. That would be all.
It has been a pleasure. Take care.
Can you please check the weather in Vancouver, BC for March 12th?
The temperature is expected to reach 59 degrees and there is only a 10 percent chance of rain.
Okay. Can you help me find a flight there? Please look for flights from Vegas on Delta Airlines.
Are you leaving on March 12th and what day do you want to return?
I am leaving on the 7th and returning on March 13th.
I have found a flight on Delta Airlines that departs at 12:20 pm and returns at 3:20 am. Each ticket costs $226.
Okay. Can you help me find a house to stay in?
I located one on 1018 Granville Street that has a rating of 4.2.
Can I get a phone number for the house? Does it have laundry service?
It does not have laundry service and the phone number is +1 877-972-6378.
The house is perfect.
Would you like to make a reservation?
No thank you. That is all I need for now.
Okay, have a good day.
What's the weather going to be like on the March 2nd
For which city?
Check it for Toronto, Canada
That day should have an average temperature of about 60 degrees Fahrenheit with a 20 percent chance of rain
Will it be humid or windy?
The humidity is expected to be 28 percent with an average wind speed of 5 miles per hour
That's good
Anything else I can do?
Yes, get me a round trip flight there. I need one ticket leaving on the 2nd of March 2019. Premium economy class please.
Departing from where? When would you like to return?
I'll leave from San Fran. I need to come back on the 6th
I have 1 flight option. It's on American Airlines departing at 7:05 am, with the return taking off at 5:55 am. It costs $475 for the trip
What airports does it use?
Departure is from SFO International Airport and the arrival is at Toronto Pearson International Airport
Ok. Find me a house there too
I found 10 houses for you. 108 Chestnut Street looks nice, with a 4.2 rating
Anything else. I need at least a 3.6 rating or I'm not interested
111 Lombard Street has a 3.6 rating
Is laundry available there?
Yes, they have laundry service
What other choices are there?
118 Yorkville Avenue also looks nice. There's a 3.6 rating there too
Thanks. That looks good. I'm fine for now
Happy to help. Take care.
What's the weather forecast for Portland, OR on 8th of this month?
The average temperature is forecast to be 70 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 50 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy at all?
The average wind speed is forecast at 7 miles per hour.
Okay, good. Please find me a round trip flight to go there.
What city will you be leaving from?
I need a flight from Ciudad de Mexico on this Saturday.
When do you plan to return?
I'll return on March 8th 2019.
I have an American Airlines flight for $294 that takes off at 7:25 pm. The return flight takes off at 7:20 am.
Good. Also, I need a house to stay in while I'm there. What do you have with at least a 4.2 rating?
I have 10 houses for you to consider. First up is 1000 Northeast Multnomah Street. It has a 4.2 rating.
That sounds wonderful.
Do you want to make a reservation now?
No, not now. Thanks, that's all.
I'm happy to have helped. Bye.
I'd like to check the weather on March 6th.
Which city would you like a weather report for?
Please could you tell me the weather for Toronto, Ontario.
The average daytime temperature should be around 62 degrees and there is a 45 percent chance of rain.
Okay thanks. I'd like to travel there and need to find a round trip flight. I'll be travelling from SF on March 6th 2019.
What day will you be returning on?
I'm planning to return on March 10th.
I have found an American Airlines flight that leaves at 7:05 am. The return flight leaves at 10:05 am and a ticket is priced at $286.
Can you help me find something else returning on the 12th of March.
How about a United Airlines flight leaving at 5:35 am and returning at 5:35 pm. Tickets for this flight cost $298 in total?
Ok great. I'd like to find a house to stay in while I'm there.
I have found a house with a rating of 4.2 at 108 Chestnut Street.
Can you look for a different house?
How about a house with a rating of 3.0 at 111 Carlton Street?
This house is perfect. I don't need anything else.
That's no problem. Goodbye.
Can you play me some music?
Sure. Perhaps you'd like Big Time Rush 's song Windows Down from their album Elevate.
Yes, play that one
Please confirm: the song Windows Down on your TV
Yes please. Can you tell me what genre it is? Is that song from three years ago?
Playing now. Enjoy! It's a pop song from the year 2011
Thanks so much
Anything else I can do to help?
Can you find me an event to go to?
Sure. Anything in particular? Maybe some music or sports?
A concert would be good
Of course. In what city?
Near Philadelphia please
I found 10 events for you: Blueface will be at The Fillmore Philadelphia on March 13th at 6 pm.
What is that exactly?
It's a hip hop show
Ok I'm in
Would you like to purchase tickets?
Not right this minute thanks.
Take care.
Hey, I need to find this song I heard four years ago by Lao Che. I think it's from the album Dzieciom.
Is it Wojenka by Lao Che from the album Dzieciom?
Yes, that's it.
Should I play it?
Sure, any device is fine.
So Wojenka on the TV?
That's good. What kind of song is it?
It's rock. Enjoy it!
Can you also help me find an event I can go?
Sure. In which city?
In New York please.
Do you prefer any type of event?
I love Games. I want it on the 13th.
I found 9 games. Mets Vs Braves will occur at Citi Field on March 13th at 6 pm. Does it appeal to you?
Sounds really amazing.
Should I buy the tickets?
No, not now.
Can I assist you in anything else?
No, thanks a lot.
Have an amazing day.
I need to find a song.
Battle Symphony by Linkin Park on the One More Light is one of 10 options.
Can you find me a song by '15 on the Meliora album?
I have 2 options. Would you like to listen to Cirice by Ghost on the Meliora album?
Yes. Please play.
Please confirm you want me to play the song Cirice on the TV.
No. Please play in my bedroom.
Please confirm you want me to play the song Cirice on the Bedroom speaker.
Yes. That's right. What type of music is it?
It is a metal song. Please enjoy.
I would also like to find something interesting to do on that day.
I what city are you looking for music, sports or something else?
I am looking for a sports event in Stanford.
The Cardinal Vs Ducks event at the Stanford Stadium on March 3rd at 6:30 pm is an option.
Sounds okay but is there something in LA?
The Dodgers Vs Cubs is one of 10 event in the area. They are playing at Dodger Stadium on March 12th at 8:30 pm.
Sounds absolutely thrilling.
Would you like to book tickets?
Not at the moment. That's all.
Okay. Please enjoy the rest of your day.
It's way too quiet in here right now. Can you put on a pop song?
Sure, I found a playlist with 10 songs you might like. What do you think of Adorn by Miguel from Kaleidoscope Dream?
Is that the 2019 album?
No, that's the 2012 album.
Oh, I remember that one. Yeah, can you put that on?
Sure. Should I play Adorn on the TV?
Yes, the TV is fine.
Ok, it's playing. Enjoy!
This music is making me want to go out and do something. Can you see what's going on around Phoenix, AZ?
Sure, what kind of event? Like music, sports, or something else?
Definitely a music event if there's anything good going on.
Looks like there's an Anberlin show at The Van Buren on March 10th at 7:30 pm. How about that?
They're good, but not my favorite. What else is there?
Looks like Dodie is playing at The Van Buren on March 6th at 6:30 pm.
Oh, I love them. I might go to that. Thanks for looking that up! That's all for now.
Ok, have a good day.
Can you recommend a song?
What about Slumber Party by Britney Spears on her album Glory?
That sounds good.
Would you like to play this song?
Sure. Play it on my bedroom speaker.
Please confirm that you want to play Slumber Party on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, that's correct. What kind of music is it and is it from eight years back?
It's from 2016 and it's a pop song.
Can you help me search for games there?
What city should I search in?
Look around Philadelphia.
How about Eagles Vs Cowboys at Lincoln Financial Field on March 14th at 8 pm?
That sounds great.
Would you like to buy tickets for this event?
No, not right now.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thanks for your help.
Have a greaty day.
I am searching for a song.
How about Man Down by Rihanna in the Loud album?
That one is good.
Would you like to play this song?
Okay.
Could you confirm that I should play Man Down on the TV?
Yes, that is good. What sort of music is that?
It's reggae. Please enjoy!
I would like to find something interesting to do on 11th of March.
Is there any particular category you are interested in? You could say music or sports or something else. What city should I search in?
I want something in Chi-town and like sports events in particular.
I have 8 events that you should like. Cubs Vs Brewers is popular and it is taking place at Wrigley Field on March 11th at 7 pm.
That sounds good. But do you have any other events available? I like rock and concert events.
I have 1 event that you should like. The Buttertones is a popular one that is taking place at Chop Shop on March 11th at 6:30 pm.
What is the venue's address?
The address is 2033 West North Avenue.
That sounds wonderful.
Would you like to buy events for the event?
Not at the moment. I don't need anything else right now.
Have a good day.
Can you help me find something to listen?
Sure, I found 10 songs. What about Ocean by Martin Garrix from the album The Martin Garrix Experience?
What kind of music is it?
It's a House song.
When did it come out?
Came out in 2018.
Do you have anything else?
There's Look What God Gave Her By Thomas Rhett in the album Center Point Road.
I want it.
Should I play it?
Please do.
So play Look what God Gave Her on the TV?
Yep. Is the song from 2014?
Enjoy the song. It's from 2019.
Can you also help me find something interesting to do around New York?
Sure. What kind of events do you like? Music or Sports or something else?
I love music events.
I found 10 events. Would you like to go to Amber Run Brooklyn? She'll be playing at Warsaw on March 14th at 6 pm.
Sounds really great.
Should I buy the tickets?
No, not now.
Can I help you further?
No, thanks a lot.
Have an amazing day.
Hello, I'm feeling tired and bored. Please can you help me to fetch a good song and play it for me?
Ya, sure! There are 10 songs available. Do you wish to hear the song Head Over Boots by Jon Pardi from the album California Sunrise?
What is its genre? Was it released before eight years ago?
Nope, it was released in the year 2015 and its a Country song.
Fine. I can choose this song.
Please may I know if you wish to play this song for you?
Sure. Please do that for me.
Okay! Please can you confirm me that you wish to hear the song Head Over Boots in your device TV. Is that right?
Yup, you're right.
Have fun with the music.
Thanks. Hey! I wish to do something interestingly probably might be on 10th of this month in the area around Berkeley. I would really like Blues. Please can you check on this?
Sure! So, what interests you more - Music or Sports or any other particular category?
I wish to go for Concert events which would fall on 12th of this month.
Okay! there is an event taking place at Cornerstone Craft Beer & Live Music and the event name is Nattali Rize, which is a very popular one. The event is on March 12th starting at 7:30 pm. Do you wish to book tickets for this event?
Sounds good to me.
Can I buy tickets for you?
Nope, not now.
Do you want any other information on this?
Nope, thanks much for the help you've done.
Have a wonderful day.
I want to listen to some music. Can you find me a song from two years back from the album When Was The Last Time by Darius Rucker?
I found 1 song from When Was The Last Time by Darius Rucker, it's called If I Told You.
That's the one I was looking for. Please play it on the kitchen speaker.
To confirm: You would like me to play If I Told You on the kitchen speaker.
That's right. What is the genre?
It's genre is country. Enjoy the song.
I also want to find something interesting to do.
What city should I look in?
Somewhere in the LA area.
What kind of event would you like? You can say music, sports or something else.
A jazz concert would be my first choice, something I could go to later today.
I found 1 event that fits the bill. Jordan Rakei is playing at the Masonic Lodge at Hollywood Forever. It's tonight, March 1st, starting at 7 pm.
Perfect. That's all I need.
Have a wonderful day.
I'm trying to find a song. I really love Pop songs.
I found 10 songs. One song is Adorn by Miguel from the album Kaleidoscope Dream.
Is the song from three years ago?
The song came out in 2012.
What other songs did you have? I like Enrique Iglesias.
I found the song Heartbeat by Enrique Iglesias from the album Euphoria.
Is the song from '19?
The song came out in the year 2010.
Yes, that is the song I'm looking for.
Did you want to play that song?
Sure, could you play it on the speaker in the kitchen?
Please confirm you're playing the song Heartbeat on the Kitchen speaker.
Yes, that sounds good.
Enjoy listening!
Thank you! I'd also like to find something interesting to do around Toronto, Ontario.
Did you have a particular category in mind? You can say Music, Sports, or anything else.
I enjoy Games events.
I found a very popular event Blue Jays vs Astros at Rogers Centre on March 13th starting at 6:30 pm.
Sure, that sounds good.
Did you want to purchase tickets for this event?
No, I did not right now. That will be all I need.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you find me a song please?
I found 10. How about El Farsante by Ozuna from Odisea?
Yes that is the one I like.
Would you like to hear it now?
Yes please play it.
You want to hear El Farsante on the TV, correct?
Yes that is correct. What type of music is it?
It's Latin music. Please enjoy your song.
Thanks!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
I need to find something to do there on that day.
Do you have a preferred type of event? In which city?
I need something in New York City, preferably a games event.
Mets Vs Braves is at Citi Field on March 13th at 6 pm.
Perfect, thank you.
Would you like to reserve tickets?
No, not at this time.
Can I do anything else for you.
No that's all I needed thanks.
Have a fabulous day.
I want to find a metal song from five years ago.
Okay, what about Final Masquerade, a Linkin Park song from their album The Hunting Party?
Anything else you can find?
Sure, how about Night Witches by Sabaton from the album Heroes?
Yeah, that's great. I'd like to listen to it.
Please confirm: playing the song Night Witches on the TV.
Yep, that's right.
Enjoy the music!
I'd like to find something fun to do on that day.
Okay, which city should I look in?
I want to find something in New York City on the 11th.
Any particular type of events? Music, sports, whatever you like.
I prefer music events.
Okay, Amber Run Brooklyn is a popular event taking place at Warsaw on March 11th at 6:30 pm.
Okay, do you have any more info on it?
It will be a pop concert.
That's good, but is there anything else you've found?
Ben Harper is also a popular one. That will happen at Pier 17 on March 11th, starting at 8:30 pm.
That's perfect. I don't need anything else right now.
Okay, have a good day.
I'm looking for a song by Morgan Wallen from one years ago.
How about Up Down by Morgan Wallen from the album If I Know Me?
Can you find anything else?
Unfortunately I can't find anything else that matches your criteria. Would you like help with anything else?
I'd like you to continue searching for music.Can you find anything by The Chainsmokers from the album Sick Boy.
I have found a song called Everybody Hates Me by The Chainsmokers from the album Sick Boy.
Yes, I love that song.
Would you like to listen to this now?
Yes, please play it on my kitchen device.
Ok so you would like me to play Everybody Hates Me on your kitchen speaker.
Actually I've changed my mind. Please play it on the bedroom speaker.
Sure, so to confirm: You'd like to play Everybody Hates Me on your bedroom speaker.
Yes that's right. What kind of music is it?
It's a pop song. I hope you enjoy it.
I'd like to find something interesting to do like see basketball games.
where would you like me to search?
I'd like something around the District of Columbia.
There are 3 events that you might like. How about the Mystics Vs Sky at the Capital One Arena. This takes place on March 14th at 6:30 pm.
That's great. I don't need anything else right now.
Enjoy your day.
I want to hear pop songs from '15, especially from Confident.
I found 1 song. How about Stone Cold By Demi Lovato from Confident.
Yes.
Do you want to hear the song?
Yes, play on my tv.
Please confirm, playing Stone Cold on TV.
Yes that is correct.
Enjoy your music.
I want to find something to do.
What city?
LAX.
Do you like music, or sports?
I want to see sports on the 11th of this month.
I found 7 events including Dodgers Vs Cubs at Dodger Stadium on March 11th at 7 pm.
What is the address?
This is a baseball game at 1000 Vin Scully Ave.
Cool.
Do you want to purchase tickets?
No, not now. That is all.
Have a nice day.
I need help looking for a song.
I found 10 songs. How do you feel about Bird Set Free by Sia from the album This Is Acting.
What other options do you have?
How about The Mountain from the album Outsider by Three Days Grace.
Find me something from the album Blood from seven years ago.
I found 3 songs from the album Blood. What do you think about Adrenalize by In This Moment?
What genre of music is that?
Metalcore.
Yes that's the one, play it.
You want to play the song Adrenalize on the TV?
Yes.
Enjoy your music!
I want to find some interesting Sports events.
What city should I search in?
I am looking for someting in Toronto, Ontario on the 2nd.
How about the Blue Jays Vs Astros at Rogers Centre at 7 pm on March 2nd?
What is the address?
1 Blue Jays Way.
Sounds great, that is all for now.
Have a good day!
I am in a nice mood to hear some good songs. I need to search it with you help. Shall we try now?
Yes, of-course. I searched and found 10 songs in which Cham Cham by Meet Bros in the album Bollywood Monsoon Special is the best one I think. Hope you will also like it.
I think so but before make decision I need to know some more information about the Year in which the song was released and type of music.
It was released in the year 2016 and it is a South Asia song. Is that okay to you?
Try to search for some more songs.
What about a song name Let Him Go by Ayo Jay in the album lazy Genius? You can definitely try this song as this is the good one.
Yes, I like to hear this song now. Can you play it for me?
Need your confirmation to play the song Let Him Go on TV.
That is confirmed. Continue with playing the song.
Song started playing now.
Thanks. I also want to search for some nice events around LA on 5th of March. Please search for me the one like Sports.
I got 6 results suite your requirements. Dodgers Vs Cubs at Dodger Stadium on March 5th at 6:30 pm is a nice event I think.
That is okay, thanks for your help.
Have a good day.
I want to hear some music!
How about Lost Stars by Adam Levine from his album V.
Yes, play that song.
Please confirm the following: Playing Lost Stars on the TV.
Yes, that's great. What type of song is it?
Song is now playing. It's a pop song.
Thanks! I really like music events. I enjoy rock and want to see something on March 7th.
In what city?
Something in NYC.
Low is taking place at Murmrr. It's happening March 7th at 7 pm.
Sounds great!
Do you want tickets?
No, not now.
May I help you with something else?
No thanks!
Have a wonderful day!
Can you find me a song?
Do you like the song Count On Me by Connie Talbot from the album Beautiful World?
Can you tell me what kind of music that is?
Yes, it is Pop!
Yes, I like that one!
Would you like to hear that one?
Yes, please cast it on the Kitchen speaker.
Please confirm that you would like to hear Count On Me on the Kitchen speaker.
Yes, that is the one!
I hope you like your music!
I would like to find something interesting like a Football game!
Do you have a preference on the city and on the category of events?
I am looking for a Sports event around the District of Columbia.
Dc United Vs Revolution is popular and is taking place at Audi Field on March 2nd at 8:30 pm.
Yes, that sounds perfect!
Would you like to purchase tickets?
No, not at this time.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
That will do it, thank you!
Have a wonderful day!
Any good tunes out there?
I see 10 right off the bat. There's Kindly Calm Me Down by Meghan Trainor. Its off Thank You.
Bingo!
So, give it a spin?
Yeah, toss it on.
Kindly Calm Me Down on the TV?
Yes. You got it.
Playing. Enjoy yourself.
Thanks. What is there to do around town?
Which town? Are you thinking Music? Or Sports? Or what?
I'm thinking concert in Santa Rosa.
I see 1. The Huichica Music Festival at the Sandman Hotel on March 14th at 8 pm.
That could work.
Should I get you a ticket.
No thanks. I'm good.
See you later.
I'd like to find a song.
How about Some Of It by Eric Church from the album Desperate Man.
That's it. Please can you play it on my bedroom device.
Sure, so you would like me to play Some Of It on the Bedroom speaker.
Yes please.
I hope you enjoy the music!
I'd like to find something interesting to do if possible.
What are you interested in searching for? For example you can say Music or Sports.
I'd like to look for Sports events please.
What city would you like me to search in?
Find me something around Philly.
There are 10 events that meet your criteria. How about the Eagles Vs Cowboys at Lincoln Financial Field? It takes place on March 14th at 8 pm.
Perfect, I like the sound of that.
Would you like to buy tickets?
Not at the moment thanks.
Enjoy your day.
I need to put on some music while I clean my room. Can you put on some Alternative Country, maybe something from the album Southeastern?
Sure, what do you think about Cover Me Up by Jason Isbell from Southeastern?
Yes, I like that one. Can you play it on my bedroom speaker?
No problem. To confirm, you want to play Cover Me Up on your Bedroom speaker. Is that right?
Yes, that's right. What year is that from again?
It's from 2013. Happy listening!
Oh, I almost forgot, I need to plan something to do with a friend later this week. Can you see what's going on?
Sure, where at and what type of event? Like music, sports, or something else?
Yeah, can you see what sports games are going on in Berkeley?
There is an upcoming Golden Bears Vs Cougars game at California Memorial Stadium on March 9th at 6 pm.
Oh, that sounds good.
Do you want to buy tickets?
No, I'll do that later. That's all for now.
Ok, have a good day.
Can you find me a song from 2019?
How about Bad Habit by Ben Platt from the album Sing to me Instead.
Yes, that's the song.
Would you like to play this song?
Cast it on the Bedroom Speaker.
Please confirm the following: Play Bad Habit on the Bedroom speaker.
Yes that's right.
Enjoy!
I want to find something interesting to do.
Do you have a preference of what kind of event? What city should I search in?
I am looking for a concert in Portland.
I found 7 different concerts. Bryan Adams is playing at the Theater of the Clouds on March 2nd at 8:30 pm.
Nice that sounds good.
Would you like to buy tickets?
Not right now, that is all.
Have a good day!
Can you help me find some songs?
Sure, what about Dark Necessities by the Red Hot Chili Peppers from the album The Getaway?
What other songs you got?
How about the song Mi Gna by Super Sako from the album Love Crimes?
That one sounds good.
Would you like me to play it?
Sure, just play it on any device.
To confirm, you would like to play the song Mi Gna on the TV, is that correct?
Yeah, that's fine. What genre is the music?
Now playing the song. It is considered pop music.
Thanks! I'd like to find something to do on that day.
What kind of event are you interested in? And which city should I look in?
I would like to go to some games in Berkeley.
How about the Golden Bears vs Cougars? It takes place March 9th at 6 pm in the California Memorial Stadium.
That's okay, but is there anything else? Maybe a concert on March 10th?
I found 2 events you might like. Fidlar is playing at the Cornerstone Craft Beer & Live Music on March 10th starting at 8:30 pm.
Hmm, that's okay, but is there anything else?
Nattali Rize is also playing at the Cornerstone Craft Beer & Live Music on March 10th starting at 8:30 pm.
Okay great, that's all I need for now.
Alright, enjoy your day.
Can you help me find a song from '19?
Sure, what about the song Bad Habit on Sing To Me Instead by Ben Platt?
What's the music type?
It's a pop song.
Yes, cast it on the bedroom speaker.
Please confirm you'd like me to play Bad Habit on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, please do.
Hope you like it.
Thanks, can you help me find a sports event like baseball?
Sure, what city should I look in?
Look in the District of Columbia.
I found 10 events. How about the Nationals Vs Braves gave at Nationals Park on March 12th at 8 pm?
What else is there?
There's also the Nationals Vs Brewers game at Nationals Park on March 14th at 6 pm.
Where's the venue at?
It's at 1500 South Capitol Street Southeast.
That's great, that's all for now.
Have a good one.
Im looking for a song. Find me something one years back from album Outsider
There are 2 songs. How about Right left wrong by three days Grace album Outsider
What else there? I want in album Pobrecita
I found 1 songs. what about Mana Zina by Mo Temsamani in the album pobrecita
Whats it genre?
Its a pop song
Yes great. I wanna listen it
Please confirm this : Play the song Mana zina on TV
Yes great
Enjoy your song
Thanks a lot. I wanna know something interesting to do there on that day
Any preferred city?
Im looking in NYC on MArch 11th
Do you like any particular category like Music or sports
I like concert events
I saw 10 events. Amber Run Brooklyn is very famous which is at Warsaw on March 11th at 6:30 pm
Tell me some more about it. Whats its address
Its a pop event in 261 Driggs Avenue, Brooklyn
these are nice. But can you find some other events?
Ben Harper is a very famous event which takes place at Pier 17 on March 11th starting at 8:30 pm
These are great. But can you find some other.
Blackbear is very popular. The event is at Pier 17 on March 11th at 8 pm
Thats great
Do you want to get the tickets?
No not now
Can I help you with anything else today
No thanks a lot
Have a nice day
I'd like to find a song.
How about Mahzouz by Tamer Ashor from the album Khayali?
That's perfect. Please can you play the music on my television.
Okay so you would like to play the song Mahzouz on your TV.
Actually can you cast it on the Bedroom speaker instead.
Okay so you would like to play the song Mahzouz on your bedroom speaker.
That's correct. What kind of music is it?
It's a Pop song. I hope you enjoy it!
I'd like to find something interesting to do in Philly.
What kind of event are you looking for?
I;d like to find a Concert to go to.
There are 10 events that match your criteria. How about Blueface which is taking place at the Fillmore Philadelphia on March 13th at 6 pm?
What is the address of the venue?
The address is 29 East Allen Street.
Perfect. That's all for now.
Enjoy your day.
Hello, I am looking for a specific song, something from about four years ago. I think it was on the album Badlands and it is an electropop genre.
I have found 3 songs that match. Is it Colors by Halsey from her album Badlands?
Can you show me other songs, please?
What about the song Control by Halsey from her album Badlands?
Yes, that is the one I am looking for. Can you cast it on my bedroom speaker? I would like to listen to it.
Sure, I can do that. Now playing Control on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, thank you.
Enjoy your music session!
Thank you for your help with that. Can you also help me find something interesting to do? Preferably around Anaheim, CA.
Yes, I can. Do you have a preference on the type of event?
I am thinking of attending a sports event.
I have found 7 events that match your search. There is an Angels vs Astros game at the Angel Stadium of Anaheim. It is on March 6th at 7:30 pm.
That sounds fun, but can you show me the other events?
There is also an Angels vs Mariners game at the Angel Stadium of Anaheim. It is also happening on March 6th and starts at 8 pm.
That sounds great, thank you!
Would you like me to help you purchase tickets for this event?
No, not right now. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you for your help!
Have a great rest of your day.
I would like a song from one years back, preferably country. I like Morgan Wallen.
how about Up Down by Morgan Wallen from the album If I Know Me.
That's a good one.
Would you like it to play?
Yes, please, on the television.
Please confirm playing Up Down on the TV.
Sounds like a plan!
Have a nice time.
I want something to so like a baseball game around San Francisco.
Do you prefer music or sports or something else?
I like something with games.
I found 8 events. One is at Oracle Park for the giants vs brewers on March 5th at 7 pm.
What is the location?
It is 24 Willie Mays Plaza.
That is good
Would you like tickets?
No, not at this time.
Is there anything else I can do?
No, thank you.
Have a nice day.
I would like to find a song.
There are 10 songs. Would you like Lose It by Kane Brown from the album Experiment?
Yes, I would like to listen to that one on the speaker in the bedroom.
Lose It playing on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, thank you for playing the song.
Enjoy your song playing.
I would like to find an event around Washington.
Do you have a preference of event?
I would like a sports event like a baseball game.
Nationals Vs Braves is taking place at Nationals Park on March 12th at 8 pm.
That sounds good. That is all I needed.
Have a good day.
I want to hear a Kelsea Ballerini song from '14, preferably pop.
I found 1. How about Yeah Boy on the album the First Time by Kelsea Ballerini?
Yes please play it.
You want to hear Yeah Boy on the TV, is that correct?
Yes that is what I want to hear.
Enjoy your tune.
Thank you. I need to find something to do then.
In which city?
New York please.
What type of event, perhaps music or sports?
Games are my favorite.
The Mets Vs Braves is at Citi Field on March 13th at 6 pm.
That would be great.
Do you want to reserve tickets?
Not right now thanks.
Can I do anything else for you?
No that will be all for now.
Have a fabulous day.
I want to find a song.
Would you like to listen to Heartbeat by Enrique Iglesias on the Euphoria album?
That one is good.
Should I play the song?
Yes. Please play.
Please confirm you want me to play Heartbeat on the TV.
Yes. What music type is it?
It is a pop song. Please enjoy.
Can you help me find a country concert type of event?
In which city?
In NYC area.
Jamey Johnson will be at Sony Hall on March 3rd at 6:30 pm.
That sounds like a blast.
Can I book tickets to this event?
Not at the moment.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No. Thanks that's all.
Okay. Have a wonderful day.
I am in a nice mood and I like to hear some good songs for which I need your help.
How about a song like Another Day Of Sun by La La Land Cast in the album La La Land. This song will keep your mood in nice mode. You will definitely like it.
Let me know the year in which this song was released.
It was released in the year 2016. Is the one you are looking for?
Yes, that is my favorite. Thanks.
Shall I play it for you now?
Yes. I want to listen this song now. Since I have some work in my Kitchen, play it on my Kitchen speaker to enjoy while working.
Need your confirmation to play the song Another Day of Sun on your Kitchen speaker.
Sorry, just now I remind that I have some work in my Bed room and please play it on my Bedroom speaker.
That is okay. Please confirm to play Another Day of Sun on Bedroom speaker.
That is confirmed. proceed with playing the song and let me know about it's genre.
It is a Soundtracks song and it was started playing. Enjoy your day.
I also want to find some interesting events for which I need your help again.
What type of Category of Events you need and in which City you want me to search for?
Search for a Concert event like Pop on 9th of this month around LAX.
Found 1 which is Girl In Red at the place of The Teragram Ballroom on March 9th at 6:30 pm. How about your interest on this?.
Let me know the address of the venue of this event.
It is situated at 1234 West 7th street. Any more information you need from me?
No, that's fine and I like this event.
shall I book the tickets to that event now?
No, not now. thanks.
Anything else you need?
No, not for now.
Have a good day.
I love country song and there are many great songs in Telling All My Secrets
tell me your thoughts on Drunk Me by Mitchell Tenpenny in Telling All my Secrets
when did it come out?
It came out in 2018
Yes that is correct
wanna play the song?
Put it on my kitchen speaker
Play Drunk Me on the kitchen speaker
Yes that is right
Enjoy the good music
I love rock and roll.
is there any preferred category of events?
I need something in Sacramento and I love concert events
The Aftershock Festival and the event takes place at Discovery Park and on March 10th at 7:30 pm.
That works for me
Can I assist with any other matter?
No thank you
Have a good one
I'm looking for a song from about one years back, maybe a pop track from the album always in Between
I found 3 tracks that work. What about All I am on the Jess Glynne album Always In Between?
Yes, that sounds great
Do you want me to play it?
Yes, stream it on my tv
Confirming you want All I Am played on your TV
Yup, that's it
Enjoy your song
Thanks, now help me find a concert to watch on March 13th
OK, where at?
Somewhere in LAX would be great
How about seeing Guided by Voices at The Teragram Ballroom happening on March 13th at 7:30 pm
What's the address? Also tell me more about this show
It's gonna be an awesome Rock concert, and the venue is at 1234 West 7th street
OK, sounds good, but let's see other options.
Jordan Rakei is a popular act going on at the Regent Theater DTLA on March 13th at 7 pm
Find me one more to look at
The Murder City Devils, also at The Teragram Ballroom is happening on March 13th at 6 pm
Great, I like that one
Do you want me to get you tickets?
No, for now we're good
OK, take care
Can you help me in searching some songs?
What is your opinion about Royal Beggars in the album Holy Hell by Architects?
Any thing else you have?
What is your opinion about Adorn in the album Kaleidoscope Dream by Miguel?
can you tell e its genre?
This is a pop song.
oh, That's good.
Are you like to play the music?
Yes, i want to play on my tv.
Please give confirmation details: Run Adorn on TV.
Yes, this is perfect.
Song started playing now.
I am searching for things to do on that day.
What are you looking for?
I am searching for games.
Any city selection you want me to search in?
I am searching around London.
I searched 2 events of your choice. One of the event called Crystal Palace Vs Norwich is at Selhurst Park Stadium.
This is perfect.
Are you like to purchase ticket for this event?
No, not now.
Do you need any other help?
No, thank you so much.
Have a good day.
Can you find me some music? I like Old Dominion
What about Hotel Key from the album Happy Endings by Old Dominion?
Great, can you play it?
You want to play Hotel Key on the TV?
That is correct
Ok, it is now playing
What type of music is this?
It is Country
Ok, I am looking for something to do
What do you prefer? You can say music, sports, or anything else
How about a Concert?
What city are you looking for?
Check in New York
How about Amber Run Brooklyn at the Warsaw?
ok, that works
Should I order some tickets?
Not right now
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all
Have a wonderful day
Can you help me to search some songs? I love Five Finger Death Punch 's songs. I really love Metal Songs. There are so many nice songs in the album Got your Six.
I have short listed 2 songs of your likings. What is your opinion about I Apologize in album got your six by Five Finger Death Punch.
That's good.
Are you like to run the music now?
Okay. Run the music.
Please give confirmation details: Run I apologize on TV.
Fine this is okay.
Song started playing now.
Thanks a lot. I am searching for things to do.
What is your interest? Is there any selection on the city i should search in?
I am searching for sports around Chi-town.
I searched 10 events of your taste. Cubs Vs Brewers is the event at Wrigley Field.
At what time the event starts?
The event begins at 5 pm.
What type of event is this?
The category of event is Baseball.
Could you search any other events on 4th of march please?
I have short listed 3 events of your likings. White Sox Vs Indians is the event and it is at Guaranteed Rate Field.
Can you tell me some other events please? I want Jazz events and searching for Concert.
I have short listed 1 event of your likings. One of them is Timmy Trumpet and it is at Concord Music Hall.
This is perfect for me. That's all i want.
Have a wonderful day.
Search for songs to play.
Of the the 10 songs I found that you may like is Broken by Isak Danielson from the album Yours.
What type of song is that?
It's considered a Pop song.
Sounds good.
Do you want to hear the song now?
Yes.
Would you like to play Broken on your TV?
Yes I do.
The song is playing now.
Now I need help finding something fun to do.
What type of events do you like and what city should I search in?
I would like to find a Rock Music event in Vancouver.
There are 2 events you may like. How about Billy Idol at the PNE Amphitheatre?
What else did you find?
Styx is also playing at the PNE Amphitheatre.
I would like that one.
Great. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks so much.
Hope you have a nice day.
Get me a song ok?
I have 10 choices. What about Time up by Shenseea from Big A Presents One Chance Riddim?
What genre is it?
It is Reggae.
Perfect, sounds good.
May I play it for you?
Please do it.
Here goes, playing Time up on TV.
I can barely wait.
It's beginning now.
How about finding something to do regarding sports?
What city do you want?
Find Washington Dc please.
Whta about a Dc United Vs Revolution game at Audi Field?
Sounds good, thanks.
Have fun at the game.
Find me some Electropop songs by Lorde on the Pure Heroine album.
Do you like Buzzcut Season by Lorde on the Pure Heroine album?
That works for me.
Shall I cast the song now?
Yes, cast it on the bedroom speaker.
You want me to cast the song Buzzcut Season on the bedroom speaker. Is that right?
No, cast it on the TV.
You want the song Buzzcut Season cast onto the TV. Is that right?
That is right.
Your song has started.
Thanks. Find me some Baseball games in Phoenix, AZ on March 11th.
Do you prefer Music, Sports, or any other type of event?
Look under the Games category.
Search revealed 5 games. What about Arizona Vs La Dodgers at Chase Field?
That works for me. That is all.
Have a good day.
I want to search for some nice songs, can you find me the best one?
I got 10 results. What about a song Latency by Martin Garrix in the album The Martin Garrix Experience?
Let me know what type of song is this?
This is house song and you will like it I think.
No, I want to search for some other songs which is the one suitable to me.
Found an another song which is Heartbeat by Enrique Iglesias in the album Euphoria. What do you think about this song. This is the nice one and liked by most of the people.
Yes, I also like this song.
Shall I play it now for you to listen?
Yes, Do it for me.
Please confirm to play the song Heartbeat on TV.
Yes, please proceed.
The song was started playing now and you can enjoy the same.
Thanks for your help to get the nice song.
How can I help you further?
I need one more help from you. Can you search for some interesting things to do on my free day.
How about your favorite one like Music, Sports or any other events that you like the most and also let me know in which City you want that events to be held in?
I want to search for some Sports events in LAX. Search it accordingly.
How about an event like Dodgers Vs Cubs at Dodger Stadium. Do you want to choose it now?
I want some more details to decide, like the starting time and venue address. Can you get these details for my reference?
Yes, please note the venue is located at 1000 Vin Scully Ave and the event will start at 5:30 pm. Hope this time is convenient to you.
That is the comfortable one I think.
Shall I book the tickets to this event now?
No, not now and will think about it later.
How can I help you further?
No, that's all the things I want for now.
Have a good day.
Please help me find good Country songs, preferably in the Unapologetically album.
Miss Me More by Kelsea Ballerini in the Unapologetically album is 1 song you may like.
Sounds good. I'd like to play the song.
Please confirm that you'd like to play Miss Me More on TV.
Yes, that's right.
The song is now playing.
Thanks. Now please help me find Sports events, preferably Baseball, in Washington D.C..
Among the 10 events that you may like is Nationals Vs Braves at Nationals Park.
I like that. I may check it out later. I don't need anything else at the moment. Thanks.
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
Can you find me some music to listen too please.
I've got 10 songs on deck. Let me ask, what do you think about Only You by Ric Hassani off the album titled The African Gentleman?
I don't know, find out the genre of music for me please.
This is a Pop song.
Alright thank you.
your welcome, Would you like me to play this track now?
Sure, go ahead.
Great, please confirm you would like to play Only You on the TV.
yes, play now.
Selection has started. Enjoy your music.
Help me find some stuff to do.
Sure, I would love to help you. I can help find Music or Sports or any other type of events you may be interested in.
Pull of Music events for the 1st of March.
Sure, Which city will we be searching.
Anaheim please.
Alright I found 1 event for your request. Brown Sabbath is playing at Crossroads at House of Blues Anaheim
Find out when the event starts and what type of event is this ?
This is a Funk event with a starting time of 7 pm. Should we buy tickets?
No, I was just curious. That will be all.
Alright,Have a great day.
Can you help me find some pop songs? Maybe something by Hayley Kiyoko.
I found a song called curious by Hayley Kiyoko from her album Expectations. Is this the kind of thing you are looking for?
What other options are there. The Expectations album is full of great songs.
There are 3 more options you might enjoy. One of them is Let it be by Hayley Kiyoko from the Expectations album.
Anything else that is similar?
Another song by Hayley Kiyoko that you might like is the song Sleepover from the album Expectations.
That's exactly what I'm looking for.
Would you like assistance with anything else?
Yes, play the song on the speaker in kitchen.
You want the song Sleepover to be played on the kitchen speaker? Is that right.
No, I changed my mind. Play in on my bedroom speaker instead.
So you want me to play Sleepover on the bedroom speaker?
Yes, that's what I want.
The song will start shortly.
Can you find something for me to do in Santa Rosa?
What kinds of things do you have in mind?
I'm thinking of something like a Jazz Concert in Chicago.
1 option is Timmy Trumpet at the Concord Music Hall.
Great, that's all for now.
Take care.
Can you find some songs for me?
I found 10 songs. Would you like to hear what if I was nothing by all that remains from their album a war you cannot win ?
That sounds good insert. Please play it on my bedroom.
You wish to hear what if I was nothing on bedroom speaker . Is this correct ?
Yes that is correct
Your song is starting
Thank you. I am looking for things to do.
What type of event do prefer? Music Sports or something else?
I am looking for games
What city shall I search in?
Please check Los Angeles area
There are 10 events. The Dodgers vs Cubs' visit Dodger Stadium
Can you find the different event on the 10th?
There are 2 events. The Rams vs Cardinals is at LA Memorial Coliseum
That's perfect thank you
Have a good day
I'd like to listen some songs
Do you like Pisces by Jinjer in album King Of Everything?
I prefer Joe Bonamassa 's songs
There are 2 songs. Do you like Drive by Joe Bonamassa in album Blues Of Desperation?
What kind of song is it?
It's a Blues song
Ok, perfect! I want to play it on display
Play Drive on TV: is it correct?
Yes, it sounds good
The song starts playing
I would like to do something. I'm looking for Games on the 4th
Which city should I look for?
In Phoenix, AZ, please
There's Arizona Vs Milwaukee at Chase Field
Oh, It's perfect! Thank you for helping
Have a good day
Hi, I'm like to find some songs
Sure, there are 10 that popped up. How about Superficial Love by Ruth B from the album Safe Haven?
Which genre is this?
pop
Nice.
Shall I play it now?
Yes on the speaker in the bedroom
Please confirm: Superficial love is now playing on the bedroom speaker
Hmmm, change it to the TV please
Please confirm: superficial love is now playing on the tv
correct
This song is now playing
I want to attend an event and I like pop
Sure in what city?
Sf
Are you interested in music or sports or anything of that nature?
Music
There's a celine dion concert at chase center experience
Wonderful
Shall I purchase tickets?
Not right now, thanks. I'm all set
Enjoy your day
I would like to listen to rock songs by radwimps from the album your name.
I have found 2 songs. Would you like to listen to dream lantern from radwimps from the album your name.
I would love to hear that song.
You want to listen to Dream Lantern on Tv?
That is right.
The song has started playing.
I want something to do with myself.
What are you interested in? Music? Sports? Or anything else?
I want something dealing with music.
In which city?
Somewhere in LA
Bill Callahan is performing in Lodge room.
Where is that venue and what time is the show starting?
It is located at 104 N. Ave 56, 2nd floor and starts at 7:30 pm
Is there anything else happening?
There is Girl in Red at the Teragram Ballroom.
That seems enjoyable.
You would like tickets to the show?
No, that's all.
A pleasant day to you!
I really want to listen from a song from the album The Beginning.
I found 1 song from the Sammielz album The Beginning. Thoughts about Let Us Be?
What's the genre?
The song is reggae.
Okay, great to know.
Want to give it a listen now?
Sure thing. I want to hear it on my TV.
You want to listen to Let Us Be on your TV?
Indeed I do.
I started playing the song.
Great! I'd like to find some interesting things to do. Can you find me a blues concert in SD?
Okay, I found 3 blues concerts there. How about Greta Van Fleet at Cal Coast Credit Union Amphitheater?
Can you find something different? I'm not big on Greta Van Fleet.
There's also Hozier at Cal Coast Credit Union Amphitheater.
Sounds good to me.
Want tickets for that?
No, not now.
Can I help you out any further?
Not right now. Thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you find me some good songs?
How about Battle Symphony by Linkin Park from the album One More Light?
Yes, That sounds great.
Would you like me to play the song for you?
Yes. Play the song for me.
Please confirm: You want me to play Battle Symphony on TV speaker.
Yes, That is correct.
Song is playing. Enjoy the music.
Can you tell me the genre of the song?
The genre of the song is Electropop.
Thank you for the help. Can you find me some events?
Which type of event like Music or Sports or anything else you want me to search for?
Please search some Music events for me.
Which city do you want me to look in?
Please search the event in Los Angeles.
There is an event called Bill callahan at Lodge Room.
Okay, That sounds good to me.
Would you like me to buy tickets for you?
No. I don't want to do that. That will be all.
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day!
Hello! Can you help me find a Pop song to listen to?
I'd be happy to help. Would you like to listen to Adorn by Miguel from the album Kaleidoscope Dream?
That works for me.
Would you like me to begin your selection?
Yes, please play it on my tv.
You'd like to hear Adorn on TV. Is this correct?
Yes, that is correct.
Your selection is starting now.
Thank you so much.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes. I'd like to find a Music related event near LAX on the 1st.
There are 5 events that match your criteria. Would you be interested in Girl In Red at The Teragram Ballroom?
Yes, I'd like to see that. Thank you. That will be all.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day.
Please help me find Conan Gray' s song in his album Sunset Season, I prefer Pop songs.
Do you like Generation Why by Conan Gray in the album Sunset Season?
That's perfect!
Will I play the music now?
Yes please, play it on any available device.
Okay, you want to play Generation Why on TV. Please confirm.
No, please play it on my bedroom speaker.
Okay. you want to play Generation Why on my bedroom speaker. Please confirm.
Yes, that's good.
It is now starting to play.
Thanks. I want to do something.
Which city you want?
I want Games in New York City.
I got 10 events and one is Mets Vs Braves at Citi Field.
When is it going to start and which category is this?
It's a Baseball and it will start 5 pm.
Any other events please?
I found Mets Vs Cubs at Citi field.
That's great!
Will I buy you tickets now?
No, I don't want.
Anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks.
You are welcome.
I'd like to listen to some music. Can you find me a Country song by Jon Pardi? There are tons of great songs on the California Sunrise album.
Sure thing. I've found 2 songs you may like. How about Head Over Boots by Jon Pardi off the album California Sunrise?
No thanks, what else you got?
What do you think of the song Night Shift by Jon Pardi off the album California Sunrise?
Okay that sounds great. Can you play the song on the television?
Okay, please confirm the following for me: Play Night Shift on the Tv.
No actually I want to play it on the speaker in kitchen.
Okay, please confirm the following for me: Play the song Night Shift on the kitchen speaker.
Yes, that's correct.
Your song is now playing. Enjoy.
Thanks! I'm also looking for something to do, can you help me out?
What are you interested in?
I am really looking for some Games to watch.
Okay, which city would you like me to search in?
Find me a Baseball game in San Francisco.
No problem. How about the Giants Vs Brewers event happening at Oracle Park.
Sounds good to me. Thanks for the help, that's all for now.
My pleasure. Have a great day.
Would you look for some good songs in the Dark Horse Album?
I have this 1 song I think you will like. What about All On Me by Devin Dawson in Dark Horse?
What genre is it in?
It's a country song.
That sounds good.
Should I play it now?
Yeah, go ahead.
Could you confirm that I should play All on Me on TV?
Yeah.
I have begun playing the song.
Thanks. I want to find things to do in Oakland, too.
What sort of things are you interested in?
I would like to look for games.
I have 5 events that may be of interest to you. What about Raiders Vs Bengals at Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum?
Sounds good to me. That is all I wanted.
Have a good day.
Please search me some songs.
I searched and found 10 songs for you. What is your opinion about Blue Skies by Lenka in The Bright Side album?
What type of song do you prefer?
I like Pop songs.
It is nice.
Shall I play the music now?
Yes. Please broadcast it on television.
Kindly ensure that, playing Blue Skies on TV.
Yes. it is right.
Song is getting played.
Thank you so much. I wish to do some other things.
Which type of event do you need? It may be Music or Sports or anything else.
I am searching for Concert.
In which city do you like to see?
I am searching something in New York.
Amber Run Brooklyn even is at Warsaw.
Where it is located and what is the starting time of the event?
It is located at 261 Driggs Avenue, Brooklyn and the event will start at 7:30 pm.
It is good for me.
Shall I get tickets for the event?
No. I am not interested in getting ticket.
Do you need any other help?
No. Thank you so much for your help.
Have a fantastic day.
Finding a song list for the party is next on my agenda. What are some cool songs you can recommend?
Well, what we have so far are 10 songs for you. Would you consider this one, Alone from the Different World album by Alan Walker?
That's a hit with me.
Would you like to hear the song now?
Okay.
You are confirming that you want to hear Alone on your TV now?
Right-O, in two minutes, please. And what form of song is it?
The song is in the Pop category and will begin playing in two minutes.
Thanks so much. Now, imagine attending an evening event that's very entertaining.
I get the picture. Would you like to look for an event that features entertaining Music or Sports or something else? And, where do you want to go for the event?
I think I'll go with some entertaining Music, maybe in Napa.
Okay. What we have so far are 5 options for you and this one, Acoustic Alchemy at Blue Note Napa, may interest you.
I see, and where is it happening?
It'll be happening at the 1030 Main Street address.
Nice. What else can you come up with?
You might like Jon B at Blue Note Napa.
You're right. I like that.
Would you like more information?
Nope, that's it on that.
Hope your day is very nice.
Can you play me some great songs
How about the highly rated song Aftertaste by Shawn Mendes in his album Handwritten.
What genre is it?
Its a Pop song.
That is awesome play it for me.
Just to confirm playing Aftertaste on TV
No I want to listen to it on my bedroom speaker.
Just to confirm playing Aftertaste on bedroom speaker.
Nope play it on the Kitchen speaker.
Just to confirm playing Aftertaste on kitchen speaker.
That is perfect.
Your song is playing.
Thanks Show methings to do in New York City.
What would you like to do.
I want to find a music concert.
How about Amber Run Brooklyn playing at the Warsaw.
That's cool. That will be all for now.
Enjoy the rest of your evening.
Can you find me a pop song by jess glynne 's album always in between
I found 3 songs by jess glynne in the album always in between. The song is called all i am
perfect, please play the song
please confirm to play all i am on tv
yes please
enjoy
I am also looking for a baseball sports event on the 5th
Where should i search in
please search in NYC
I found 9 events, i suggest mets vs pirates at citi field
thats perfect
do you want to purchase a ticket
no not yet
anything else i can help you with
no thank you
have a nice day
Could you search some songs like Rebelution songs like Reggae
How about Roots Reggae Music by Rebelution from Count me in
Thats good
Do you wanna play it
yes on kitchen device
Please confirm this : Play Roots reggae music on kitchen speaker
Yes thats right
Started playing song
Thank you for that
What else can I assist?
Im looking for things to do in ATL like Football events
WHats your preferred events like music or sports or anything else?
Im looking for Sports
The event is Falcons Vs Buccaneers at Mercedes-Benz Stadium
When does it start
The event is at 6 pm
Thats great with me
Do you wanna get the tickets?
No not now maybe later
Can I help on anything more?
No Thanks a lot for the help
Have a good day
Can you please find some Rock songs for me?
How about Disturbed playing Are you Ready from the album Evolution?
Sure, that's awesome.
Do you want me to play it?
Please play it on the kitchen speaker.
Can you please confirm that you want me to play Are you Ready on the kitchen speaker.
Yes, please do.
I've started playing.
Can you find some interesting things for me to do?
Do you prefer a specific type of event, like maybe Music, Sports or maybe something else?
I'm into Sports.
In which city should I search?
Please find me something in NY.
There are 10 events matching your criteria out of which I recommend the Mets Vs Braves game at Citi Field.
Can you please find me some Baseball events on the 13th of this month?
Sure, there are 5 event matching your criteria out of which I recommend the Mets Vs Rockies playing at Citi Field.
Sounds awesome. That will be all for now!
Have a nice day!
I want to hear some pop songs like Kaung Kaung, like the album A SOe Htae Ka A Kaung.
I found 1 song called Pyaw Nay Par By Kaung Kaung ffrom A Soe Htae Ka A Kaung.
Play the song.
Please confirm, playing Pyaw Nay Par on TV.
Yes, that is correct.
Plays song.
I want to attend some music shows in Atlanta, Ga.
I found the Atlanta Summer Organ Festival at Peachtree Road United Methodist Church.
When does it start? What kind of event is this?
It is a classical music concert that starts at 5:30 pm.
Please find me something else.
I found Emmylou Harris at Atlanta Symphony Orchestra.
That will be cool.
Have a nice day.
I'd like to listen to some music. Can you find me some Country songs by Cody Jinks? Something off the album Adobe Sessions would be great.
What do you think about Cast No Stones by Cody Jinks off the Album Adobe Sessions?
Yes, that sounds great. Thanks.
Want to play your song now?
Sure thing. Go ahead and play it.
Okay, please confirm the following for me: Play the song Cast No Stones on the TV.
No, play it on the kitchen device for me.
Please confirm the following: Play Cast No Stones on the Kitchen Speaker.
Yes, that's the one. Thanks.
Your song is about to start.
Thanks a lot! Can you help me find something fun to do in Seattle, WA?
Sure thing. Anything specific you had in mind? You can say something like Music, Sports or another type of event you'd like.
Okay. I'd like to find some Games to check out.
How about the Huskies Vs Cougars at the Husky Stadium? I hear it's pretty popular around town.
Yea, that sounds real good. Thanks.
Want to purchase your tickets now?
No, I'm not quite ready to purchase just yet.
Okay, anything else I can help you with?
No that's it for today. Thanks a lot for your help.
It was my pleasure. Have a great day.
I want to listen to some Pop songs by Rihanna off the Unapologetic album please.
Here's one off Unapologetic by Rihanna called Pour it Up should I play it for you?
Yes please.
Would you like that played right now.
You know it.
Do you want Pour It Up played on the TV?
That's the place.
Your chosen song is now playing.
I want to do something Saturday this week. Find me Games in Seattle okay?
There are 6 such games one of them is the Mariners Vs Blue Jays being held at T-Mobile Park.
Great that's all for now.
Hsve a pleasant day.
Can you find me a country song by Jason Aldean on the Rearview Town album?
Girl Like You is one of 4 Jason Aldean songs available on the Rearview Town album.
Okay. Sounds perfect.
Would you like me to play the song?
Yes. Please. Thanks.
Please confirm you want me to play Girl Like You on TV.
Yes. That is right.
The song has started playing.
I also want to find something to do.
In which city?
Something in San Diego please.
Do you want a music, sports or other type of event.
I am interested in a concert.
Alejandro Sanz is an event in Cal Coast Credit Union Amphitheater.
Sounds perfect. That's all.
Please enjoy your day.
I want to listen to a song.
The album Bollywood Monsoon Special has a song Cham Cham by Meet Bros.
That's perfect.
I can start the song if you like.
Thanks.
I will play Cham Cham on TV with your permission.
Permission granted.
The music has begun.
Do you know the genre?
South Asia is the genre.
I also looking for a Rock concert on March 6th as I love music.
Which city?
London.
Electric Brixton is hosting Wallows.
Nice.
Can I purchase tickets?
No thanks. I'll let you know later.
Enjoy the day.
I want to listen to some Rock songs. What is there from the album Ember?
There is 1 songs you might like. Do you want to listen to Tourniquet by Breaking Benjamin from the album Ember?
That sounds great.
Do you want to play it?
Play it on the TV.
Please confirm: Play Tourniquet on the TV.
I changed my mind, play it on my bedroom speaker.
Please confirm: Play Tourniquet on the bedroom speaker.
Yes, plat it.
Playing the song.
I also want to find something to do in Toronto, Canada. Is there anything sports related?
There are 10 events you might like. There is a game of Blue Jays vs Astros at the Rogers Centre.
Is there any Baseball event on the 1st?
The Blue Jays Vs Rangers game at the Rogers Centre might interest yo.
That sounds great, what would be all.
Have a great day.
Can you find me some songs to listen to?
How about the song Wine for Me by Popcaan from the album Forever.
Sure, let's go with that.
Should I play that for you now?
Yeah, that's fine.
Should I play the song Wine for Me on the TV?
Yeah that sounds good.
Now playing the song.
What genre is this song?
It is considered Reggae.
Thanks. Can you also help me find something to do?
Should I look in a specific city?
Yeah, I'd like to do something in Philadelphia.
What kind of event do you like?
I'm looking for games of some kind.
I found 10 events you might be interested in. How about the Eagles vs Cowboys at Lincoln Financial Field?
Yeah that sounds fun.
Would you like to buy tickets for that now?
No, I don't need to do that.
Is there anything else I can help you with
Nope, that is all I needed.
Okay, have a great day!
I am looking for some good Get Scared songs in the album Best Kind of Mess.
How about Sarcasm by Get Scared songs in the album Best Kind of Mess?
That is great.
Do you want to play the music now?
Yes, I would like to hear it now.
Ok, play Sarcasm on TV. Is that correct?
Yes, that is correct. What is the genre?
It is a Rock song and is playing now.
Thank you. I am also looking for an event to attend.
What type of event? Music or sports?
Music event, please.
What city should I search?
Search in LA.
Bill Callahan is at the Lodge Room.
Are there any other Rock events for the 14th of this month?
I found 1 event. Guided by Voices at The Teragram Ballroom.
That sounds good.
Are you ready to purchase tickets?
Not at this time.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all. Thank you.
My pleasure. Have a great day.
Please find a songs from the album Globalization.
How about Fireball from Globalization by Pitbull?
Yes, please play that.
You would like to hear Fireball on your TV, is that correct?
Yes, that's right. What type of song is it?
It is a Pop song. It will begin playing now.
I want to find something fun to do.
Sure, what type of events are you interested in? Music? Sports? Something else? Also, what city did you have in mind?
Please look for games in DC.
There are 10 events you may like. The first is Dc United Vs Revolution at Audi Field.
That sounds fun. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.
Have fun and enjoy your day!
I want to listen to some music to help me relax. Today was so busy at the hospital.
There are 10 songs that might interest you. Would you like to hear tempo by lizzo from the album cuz I love you?
What type of music is that?
It is pop music.
That would be fine.
You want to hear it now?
Of course. I want to listen in my bedroom speaker.
You want to hear tempo on your bedroom speaker?
No, on the kitchen speaker.
You want to hear tempo on the kitchen speaker?
Yes, that's what I want.
The song has started.
I just need to go something before I go crazy.
What interests you? Perhaps something music or sports? In which city?
I am interested in a music event in berkeley.
There are 7 suitable events. There is the berkeley world music festival at 2500 durant ave.
That would really be awesome. I don't need anything else.
Enjoy your day.
I want some songs, can you help me find some?
I have located 10 songs you may like. What are your opinions on Are You Ready by Disturbed from the album Evolution?
What is the genre of this song?
This is a rock song.
That sounds good. I would like to play the song on kitchen device.
Please confirm these details: play Are You Ready on kitchen speaker.
Yes, that is right.
The song has begun playing.
Thanks very much. I am also interested in finding things to do.
Is there a a specific city you want me to look in? Is there a specific king of event you want? You can specify music or sports or something else.
I am interested in finding something in Philly in the games category.
I have 10 events located which fit your preferences. The event is Eagles vs Cowboys and it takes place at Lincoln Financial Field.
That sounds fine to me. That is all I want.
Have a wonderful day.
I want to listen to a song, so can you find me some?
How would you like listening to All Night by Parov Stelar from the album The Princess?
Can you tell me the genre of this song?
This song is considered a Pop song.
That's nice actually.
Would you like to listen to the music now?
Yes, I want to listen to the music now on the speaker in kitchen.
Can you please confirm that you want to listen to All Night on kitchen speaker?
Yes, that's right.
The song you requested has started playing.
I appreciate it. I want to find fun things to do.
Is there a specific city where I should look for the event? Do you have a particular kind of event in mind? It can be for example Music or Sports or something else.
The event I am looking for should be a Concert one and it should be taking place in LAX.
There are 10 events which match what you requested. There is one event called Bill Callahan at the Lodge Room.
Can you tell me the location of the venue, and the time when the event starts?
The address of the venue is 104 N. Ave 56, 2nd Floor, and the event should start at 7:30 pm.
That suits me well. That would be all.
Have a wonderful time!
I would like to listen to a song.
What song would you like to hear?
The song is called In Your Eyes.
Please confirm the following: You want to play In Your Eyes on the TV?
Yes, that's right. What's the genre? And who sings it?
The song is now playing. It's a pop song by Inna.
I would like to find an interesting event to go to. I like music events and would like to see a Rock event on Monday next week.
Where should I look for it?
I'd like to find something around San Diego.
I have found 4 events you might like. Local Natives is a popular event. It's being held at The Observatory North Park on March 4th at 8 pm.
That sounds great. Could you find me another event?
Psychedelic Furs is great. The event is happening at The Observatory North Park on March 4th starting at 7:30 pm.
That would be good. But could you find me some more options?
Pup is another popular option. It's happening at The Irenic on March 4th at 6 pm.
What's the address?
It's located at 3090 Polk Avenue.
That would be great.
Do you want to get tickets now?
No, not now. That's all for now.
Have a nice day!
Hello! Can you play the song Redemption on the bedroom device?
You'd like to hear Redemption on the bedroom speaker. Is this correct?
Yes, that's right. Can you tell me the genre and what album it is on?
Yes. It is a Blues song found on the album of the same name, Redemption. Your music selection has begun.
I'd like to find interesting to do. Can you help me find some type of event?
Where would you like to begin the search?
I'd like to find something in the New York area.
Is there a certain event you are interested in? Please say Music or Sports or something else you'd like to do.
I'd like to attend a Concert.
I have found 10 concerts that may interest you. The Warsaw is hosting Amber Run Brooklyn on March 14th at 6 pm.
I'd love to go to that.
Would you like to purchase tickets now?
No, I have to check with my friends first to see if they want to go. That's everything I need right now. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day.
Toss some tunes on the kitchen speaker.
What do you have in mind.
Cups by Anna Kendrick.
Cups on the kitchen speaker?
Yes. The song of course.
Cups is playing in the kitchen.
Nice. Hey any good rock concert happening?
Yeah, but it depends where.
Like around SD.
There are 6. Try Fidlar at The Observatory North Park on March 1st at 7:30 pm.
Good pick. Thanks. I'm set for now.
You are very welcome.
Play Ludovico einaudi song night on any available device
Playing night on tv
Tell me the album and the genre
It is a classical song from the album elements
Thanks. Find me a sports event, maybe baseball next thursday
Which city should I look for?
I want something around san francisco
there is giants vs brewers at oracle park on march 7th at 8 pm
That is perfect. That would be all.
Have a fantastic day
I'd like to hear a song.
What song would you like to hear?
It's called Best Friend.
Would you like me to play Best Friend on the TV?
Yes, that would be great.
The song will begin now.
I'm also looking for something to do later.
What city should I look in?
Somewhere in the Vancouver, BC area. I like Rock music.
What category of event would you like?
I'd like to go to a concert.
Billy Idol is playing at the PNE Amphitheatre March 3rd at 6:30 pm.
Thanks, that sounds good. That's all I need.
Have a good day.
Can you play me the song Buzzcut Season by Lorde on my bedroom speaker?
Please confirm: Buzzcut Season playing on bedroom speaker.
Actually, I'd like to hear it on my kitchen device.
Please confirm: Buzzcut Season playing on kitchen speaker.
Yes, that'll be great. What's the genre?
It's playing. It's considered an electropop song.
I'd like to find something interesting to do.
Any particular category, like music or sports or something else?
I prefer concert events. Specifically, rock.
Should I look in any particular city?
Yes, I'm in New York.
How about Chemical Brothers at Forest Hills Stadium on March 11th at 8 pm?
That's good, but how about something on March 1st?
5 events are happening on March 1st. How about Jethro Tull at Forest Hills Stadium at 6 pm?
That's also good, but can you find me something else?
Low is also popular. It's happening at Murmrr on March 1st at 8 pm.
That one sounds great.
Should I get you tickets?
No thanks, maybe later.
Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, that'll be it.
Have a good day!
I want to hear some music please.
I can help you with that. What kind of music should I play?
Let's play Dance Again on my bedroom speaker.
Alright, please confirm we are playing Dance Again on bedroom speaker.
yes, play now. Find out the artist name and what genre this is.
Sure, This is a Pop song by Jennifer Lopez. Your selection is now playing.
Ok, thanks! I am going to also want to pull up Sports events in Toronto on Saturday this week. whatcha got?
Ok, no problem. I found a popular game, Blue Jays Vs Astros playing at Rogers Centre on March 2nd at 7 pm.
This will do. That will be all. thanks.
Ok, your welcome and have a great day.
I want to play a song.
What song?
Hard Times, play it on the TV.
Please confirm, playing Hard Times on the TV.
Yes, that is correct. Who is the singer?
Plays song. It is Paramore.
What album? Genre?
It is called After Laughter. It is a rock song.
Thanks, I want to find some stuff to do too.
Any preference? What city?
I want to go to a concert in Philadelphia.
Blueface is playing at the Fillmore Philadelphia on March 13th at 6 pm.
What is the address? Tell me about the event.
The address is 29 East Allen Street. It is a hip hop concert.
Can you find something else on the 12th of March?
I found 5 events including Conan Gray at the Fillmore Philadelphia on March 12th at 8 pm.
That sounds great.
Have a nice day.
Get me music on my bedroom speaker.
What music would you like?
The selection I want is Business Dinners. I like that it's by Sigrid.
Fine, Business Dinners play no on Bedroom Speaker.
That's perfect, thanks.
The song is starting now.
What album is that sourced to?
It's from sucker Punch.
What genre is that?
It's a pop Genre song.
Fine, now get me something interesting to do. I like football.
Sure you want sports, not music. Where might you be partial to visiting?
Find sports in Atlanta, GA.
How about United Vs Earthquakes? It's at mercedes-Benz stadium on March 2nd at 6:30 pm.
That might just work. thanks.
Enjoy. Have fun with the game.
I want to listen a Hayley Kiyoko 's song
Which song do you prefer?
I want to play What I Need
Play What I Need on TV. Do you confirm?
Yes, I confirm.
The song starts playing
Is it a rock song? Which album is it from?
No, it's a Pop song from album Expectations
Thanks! I'm looking for some intresting to do
Do you prefer Music or Sports events? In which city?
I'd like Concert events around Phoenix
There are 8 events, for example Anberlin at The Van Buren, on March 10th at 7:30 pm
Give me more information about the event
It's a Rock event
Sounds interesting, but I'd like another event
What about Dodie at The Van Buren on March 6th at 6:30 pm?
t's nice, but I'd like another event
Greensky Bluegrass at The Van Buren on March 14th at 7 pm
Oh yes, that's good!
Do you need tickets?
Not now, thanks. That's all
Have a good day!
Can you play a song please?
Which song do you want to hear?
Please play Redemption on the kitchen speaker.
Please confirm the following: Play Redemption on the kitchen speaker.
Yes, that is correct. Do you know the singer and what genre it is?
The song has started. It is a blues song by Joe Bonamassa.
Thank you. I want to find something interesting to do.
Do you have a preference on the category of the event and what city I should search in?
I like concert events, and I'd like to search around San Francisco.
I have found 10 events for you. The first is Allan Rayman taking place on March 9th at August Hall at 6 pm.
That sounds great. Thank you, that is all I need.
Okay, have a great day.
Please play the song.
Which song would you like to hear?
Please play Love Me Like You.
Please confirm you want to hear Love Me Like You on the TV.
Actually, please play on the bedroom device.
Please confirm you want me to play Love Me Like You on the bedroom speaker.
Yes. Who sings the song and on what album is it?
The song is a Little Mix song on the Get Weird album. The song has started playing.
Thanks. Is there anything interested to do today?
In which city and what type of event are you interested in?
Can you find me a sports event in Berkeley?
Golden Bears Vs Cougars is one of 2 events. It is on March 9th at 6 pm at the California Memorial Stadium
Sounds so much fun.
Would you like to book this event.
Maybe later on.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. That's it. Thanks.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day.
Can you play a song?
Sure, which song?
Play One More Light.
Okay, confirm you'd like to hear One More Light on the tv.
Yes, please do.
I started the song.
What album is this on?
It's on One More Light.
Cool, and what's the genre?
It's considered electropop.
Thanks, can you find me something fun to do on the 9th of March?
What city are you looking in?
Look in Sacramento, CA.
Anything in particular? You can give suggestions like Music or Sports or anything else you like.
How about a concert?
You could see Yunger at the Holy Diver on March 9th at 8 pm.
Great, I'll look into it. That's all for now.
Have a good one.
Can you play me a song? It's called Business Dinners, and I want to hear it on the kitchen device
Please confirm: play Business Dinners on the kitchen speaker?
Yes play it
Enjoy the music
Can I get the album name?
The album is called Sucker Punch
Great. Can you find me something interesting to do on the 12th?
Sure. Any type of event in mind? Maybe some music or sports? What city?
I'm thinking a concert around Berkeley would be good
Ok. I found 5 events for you. Berkeley World Music Festival looks good. It will be at 2500 Durant Ave on March 12th at 8:30 pm
What kind of event is that? Can you give me that address again?
It's an international event. Sure, the event is at 2500 Durant Avenue
Ok thanks. That sounds good
Would you like to book tickets for it?
No I'm good for now
Anything else I can do to help?
Thanks I'm fine
Take care.
I want to listen to the song Best Mistake of Ariana Grande, and I want for it to be played on my television.
Can you please confirm that you want to listen to Best Mistake on TV?
That's right. Can you tell me from which album is the song, and what genre is it?
The song is from the album called My Everything, and it is a Pop song. The song has started playing.
I also want to find something fun to do in Portland. I am looking for a Football event on 6th of this month.
Do you have a particular category of event in mind?
I would like attending a Sports event.
There is 1 event which suits what you want. It is the match of Timbers Vs Dc United at Providence park, and it will happen on March 6th at 7:30 pm.
That seems nice. That would be all.
Have a wonderful time.
Find a song to play.
Which song?
Must Be The Whiskey.
Please confirm: play Must Be The Whiskey on tv.
No, play El Farsante on speaker in the bedroom.
Please confirm: play El Farsante on bedroom speaker.
Yes.
Playing now.
Find rock events around LAX next Wednesday.
Event category?
Music.
Gloryhammer will be at 1720(tm) on March 6th and 8 pm.
Good. What else is out there?
I couldn't find any other matches to your preferences. Can I help with something else?
Search again for baseball games.
Dodgers vs Diamondbacks will be at Dodger Stadium March 6th at 8:30 pm.
Great. Ok that's all I wanted.
Have a nice day.
I'd like to hear a song over my TV please.
What song would you like to hear?
I want to listen to Colder Weather.
Confirming I will play Colder Weather on TV.
That's right, yes.
The song has begun.
What album is that song from and what genre is it?
It's a country tune from the Pass The Jar album.
Great, thanks. I'd also like to find an event to go to on the 9th of March in Anaheim, CA. I am a fan of Games.
I have 4 events you might like. At Angel Stadium of Anaheim on March 9th, Angels Vs Mariners will take place at 7:30 pm.
I think that will work.
Shall I buy tickets for you?
I'm not ready to purchase tickets yet.
Thank you, enjoy your day.
I Like Shailesh Premi 's songs. I want to listen Lahnga Lasar Ke on speaker in the bedroom.
Play Lahnga Lasar Ke on bedroom speaker. Do you confirm?
Yes, I confirm
The song starts playing
What kind of song is it? Which album is it in?
It's a Country song. It's in Maza Mar Liya Dhori Ke Niche album.
Thanks. I'm looking for some intresting thing to do around Atlanta on the 2nd. I like American Football
What kind of event would you like?
I love Sports events.
There's Falcons Vs Rams at Mercedes-Benz Stadium on March 2nd at 7:30 pm
It sounds interesting, but I would like other proposals
Do you like Falcons Vs Redskins at Mercedes-Benz Stadium on March 2nd at 6 pm?
What is the address?
1 AMB Drive Northwest
It's fine, but I would like other suggestions
Yellow Jackets Vs Hokies at Bobby Dodd Stadium at Historic Grant Field on March 2nd at 7 pm
What is the address?
177 North Avenue Northwest
Yes, that's good for me! It's all
Have a nice day
Can you please play some Ben Platt songs?
What song should I play?
The song is called Bad Habit.
Please confirm the following: Play Bad Habit on the TV.
Yes, that is correct. What album is that on?
The song has started. It is off the album Sing to me Instead.
Thank you. I am looking for a sports event near Berkeley on Wednesday next week. Is there anything interesting to do?
I found 1 event for you. The Golden Bears Vs Trojans is taking place at the California Memorial Stadium on March 6th at 6 pm.
That sounds great.
Should I purchase tickets for you?
No thank you, not right now.
Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. Thanks for your help.
Okay, have a great day.
Let's play one of my favorite songs. Pull up Paramore songs.
Ok, which song should I play?
Yeah, play Hard Times.
Alright, please confirm that you would like to play Hard Times on the TV.
Yes, go ahead and play it.
Great, your selection is now playing.
Thank you, I will also need to find something to do.
I can help with that. What type of event and in which city would you like to search?
Alright, let's try pulling up Games in Chicago please.
I see a popular game, Cubs Vs Brewers at Wrigley Field is playing on March 6th at 6:30 pm.
I'm not sold, give me more options please.
Ok, how about Cubs Vs Giants at Wrigley Field on March 4th at 8:30 pm, this is also a pretty popular game.
That will work.
Ok, it was a pleasure helping you today. Enjoy your day.
I want to play a song. Play Self Control by Frank Ocean for me.
Sure thing. Please confirm the following for me: Play the song Self Control on your TV.
Correct. Can you tell me what album this is off of? Also what genre is it?
Your song is now playing. The song is from the album Blonde. The genre is Pop.
Okay, thanks a lot. Can you find me something interesting to do on the 14th?
Sure thing. Any particular city you want me to search in? Any particular type of events interest you?
I'd like to find some Games out in Atlanta please.
No problem. The Panthers Vs Paladins is very popular right now. The event is taking place at Georgia State Stadium on March 14th at 6 pm.
Sounds interesting. Tell me more about the event. Can you give me the address?
No problem. It's a Basketball event and the venue is located at 755 Hank Aaron Drive Southeast.
Thanks. Can you find me anything else happening out there?
The United vs Red Bulls is very popular. It's taking place at the Mercedes-Benz Stadium on March 14th at 6:30 pm.
Awesome! That sounds great. Thanks, that's all I need for now.
Thank you! Have a great day!
I want to hear the song Out of Love. I like Alessia Cara 's music.
Please confirm the following: play Out of Love on your TV.
Yes, that's right. What album is it from.
Song is now playing. The album is from The Pains of Growing.
Thank you! I want to do something fun on the 7th of this month.
In what city?
In SD please.
Do you have a preference? You can say Music, Sports, Art, or something else.
I like music. I really enjoy the Blues.
I found 2 events that you may like. Greta Van Fleet is playing March 7th, 7 pm at the Cal Coast Credit Union Amphitheater.
That's okay but what else is there?
Hozier will be playing March 7th, at 6:30 pm at the Cal Coast Credit Union Amphitheater too.
What is the venue's address?
5500 Campanile Drive.
Sounds great, that's all I wanted to know.
Have a nice day.
Can you please play the song Lost Within from Fivefold on my kitchen speaker?
Please confirm the following: Play Lost Within on the kitchen speaker.
Correct. What album and genre is it?
The song has started. The album is called The Story and it is a rock song.
I am looking for something interesting to do. Are there any baseball games around?
Do you have a preference on the category of events?
I like games.
Is there any particular city I should search in?
I'm looking in New York City.
The Mets vs Braves is happening at Citi Field on March 13th starting at 6 pm.
That sounds great. Thank you, that is all I need for now.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Play the song Girls Like You
Would you like to play the song Girls Like You on the TV?
Yes, that will be perfect. Do you know what type of song that is and who sings it?
Yes, the song should be playing now. It is a pop song by Karolina Protsenko.
Thanks so much! My friend was telling me about the song. So far, I like it. I'm going to visit her soon and I'm looking for something that we can do that is interesting.
Do you have any preference for a type of event? And what city will you be visiting?
Oh, she is in New York. We are both really into Music so some type of event that includes Music will be perfect.
Amber Run Brooklyn is playing at Warsaw on March 14th at 6 pm.
Oh, I bet we will really like that!
Would you like to reserve tickets?
No, that's all I need today.
I hope you enjoy your visit!
Could you find me a song to hear please?
Which song would you like to hear?
I want to hear Cheap Smell.
You want to hear Cheap Smell on TV?
No please play Tempo instead.
You want to play Tempo on TV, correct?
Yes that is correct.
The song is started.
Thanks.
Can I help with anything else?
I need something fun to do on that day.
Music or sports? And in which city?
I need something in New York City, possibly music.
How about Amber Run Brooklyn at Warsaw on March 14th at 6 pm.
Tell me more please.
It is a pop concert.
Okay how about something on the 9th?
Americo is at La Boom on march 9th at 6 pm.
Tell me the details of this event.
The show is international.
That is great, thanks.
Do you need tickets?
Not at this time.
Can I do anything more for you?
No that will be all.
Have a good day then.
I would like to listen to a song
Which song do you prefer?
I like Sugarland 's song, I want to listen Babe
Play Babe on TV. Do you confirm?
No, I prefer on speaker in the bedroom
Play Babe on bedroom speaker. Is it correct?
Yes, it is. Thanks!
The song starts playing!
Is it a pop song?
No, it's a Country song.
Which album is it from?
From album Bigger
Thanks. I'm looking for some intresting to do
In which city? What kind of event do you prefer? Music or Sports?
In NYC on the 4th. I love Concert events
On March 4th at 8 pm I found Ben Harper at Pier 17
Oh! It's fantastic!
Do you want a ticket?
Not now, thanks
Do you need anything else?
No, thanks, It's all for today
Have a nice day!
Can you play me a song?
I'd be happy to. What would you like to hear?
I'd like to hear Shiroyama.
You'd like to play Shiroyama on TV. Is this correct?
Yes, can you tell me what genre that song is considered?
It's a Metal song. Your selection has begun.
Can you tell me who sings it and what album it is from?
It is by Sabaton and it is off their album The Last Stand.
Thank you. Can you help me find something to do?
Where are you located and do you have anything particular in mind?
I'd like to find something to do with Music in or around New York City.
One popular event is Amber Run Brooklyn at Warsaw. It is on March 14th at 6 pm.
Can you tell me more about this?
It's a Pop concert.
That sounds okay but I'd really like to find something else.
Another event you may like is Americo at La Boom on March 6th at 6:30 pm.
That is more to my liking.
Would you like to purchase tickets?
Not right now. Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
I like to list to the song Alone with you by Jake Owen on my Kitchen device now. Can you play it for me?
Need your final confirmation to play the song Alone with you on Kitchen speaker.
Yes, continue playing the song.
Song started playing and you can enjoy it now.
What type of song is this and from Which album this song comes from?
It is a Country song from the Album Barefoot Blue Jean Night. Anything else you need?
Yes, I want to search for some nice Events especially Concert type in NY. Please do it for me.
Got 10 events from which I think the event Amber Run Brooklyn is the best one which will be held at Warsaw on March 14th at 6 pm. What about your opinion?.
I need something else. Continue searching the nice one.
What about Americo at La Boom on March 6th at 6:30 pm?
That is the one I want and thanks.
Shall I book tickets to this event now?
no, not now will be later.
Anything else you need?
No, thank you.
Have a good day.
I want to Bounce by Iggy Azalea. Play it on the speaker in kitchen.
Please confirm the following: Play Bounce on kitchen speaker.
Do it now!
Song is now playing.
What do find something fun to do.
In what city?
In Anaheim, CA.
Do you an event preference?
Yes, I like sports events.
I found 7 sporting events you may like. On March 6th, 7:30 pm, the Angels Vs Astros game will be at Angel Stadium of Anaheim.
Tell me more please. What is the address?
It is a baseball game. The stadium is located at 2000 East Gene Autry Way.
Sounds great! I am interested.
Do you want to buy tickets now?
No, not at the moment.
May I help you with a different task?
No, thanks for the help.
Have a wonderful day!
I like Taylor Swift. I want to play The Story Of Us on any available device
Play The Story Of Us on TV: do you confirm?
Yes, I confirm. Which album does the song belong to? What kind is it?
To album Speak Now and it's a pop song. It started playing.
Thanks. I want to find some intresting to do around Vegas, on 8th of this month. I like Hip Hop.
What kind of event?
I love Music events
There's Life Is Beautiful Festival at Downtown Las Vegas Events Center - DLVEC on March 8th at 6:30 pm.
What's the address?
200 South 3rd Street
Ok, It's perfect!
Do you want to book tickets?
Not now, thanks
Do you need anything else?
No, It's all for today. Thanks
Have a nice day!
I want to cast the song O Father O Satan O Sun by Behemoth.
You want to cast the song O Father O Satan O Sun on the TV. Is that right?
That is correct. Can you tell me the name of the album?
The album is called The Satanist and your song is now playing.
Find me something interesting to do.
Do you like Music, Sports, or another genre and what city do you want me to look in?
Find me Sports events in Los Angeles.
Dodgers Vs Cubs are playing at Dodger Stadium on march 12th at 8:30 pm.
That works for me.
Shall I get you tickets?
No, not at the moment.
Do you need something more?
NO, that is all. Thanks.
Have a good day.
I'd like to play song please.
Sure thing. What song would you like to play?
Play If We Have Each Other for me.
No problem. Please confirm the following for me: Play the song If We Have Each Other on the TV.
Yes, that's right.
Your song is now playing. Enjoy your music!
Thanks. Can you find me something interesting to do? I really like Sports. Can you find me any Baseball games happening?
Sure thing. Any particular city I should search in?
Yeah, I'm looking to watch something around Seattle, WA.
Okay. The Mariners Vs Angels is very popular. The event is taking place at T-Mobile Park on March 10th at 8:30 pm.
Alright thanks. That's all I need.
Thank you and have a great day!
I'd like to play a song.
What would you like to hear?
I'd like to hear the song Yomonsan.
You'd like to hear Yomonsan played on the TV. Is that correct?
Yes, that's right. Which album is that from?
It's from the album of the same name, Yomonsan. Your selection has begun playing.
Can you tell me who sings it?
Janob Rasul is the artist.
Thank you. Can you help me find something fun to do?
I'd be happy to help. Are you interested in anything specific? You may request Music or Sports or anything that can narrow down your preferences. Where would you like to attend?
I'm interested in finding something related to music in NY.
One popular show is Amber Run Brooklyn at Warsaw. It will be held on March 14th at 6 pm.
Can you find me something related to Classical music?
Stern Auditorium / Perelman Stage is hosting Joe Hisaishi on March 12th at 6 pm.
Can you tell me where that is?
It is located at 881 7th Avenue.
That's perfect. Thank you for your help.
You are most welcome. Have a wonderful day.
I'd like to play Ben Platt 's song on TV called Grow As We Go.
Please confirm Grow as we go on TV.
Yes, that it. What the album and genre?
I started playing the song from the album Sing To Me Instead which is a Pop song.
I would like to find something to do there that day.
Is there any particular city to look in?
I would like to look for something around Anaheim.
Is there any category like Music or Sports in particular?
I like Baseball on Saturday this week because I like sports.
The Angels vs Astros is good and that takes place at Angel Stadium of Anaheim on March 2nd at 6:30 pm.
That is good but are there other events?
The Angels vs Mariners is great and is at the Angel Stadium of Anaheim on March 2nd at 6:30 pm.
That sounds good, can you find me other events?
I see the Angels vs orioles at the Angel Stadium of Anaheim on March 2nd at 7:30 pm.
Get me the address please.
The address is 2000 East Gene Autry Way.
That sounds wonderful.
Would you like to buy some tickets for the event?
Not at the moment as that is all I want.
Have a nice day.
I would like to play the song.
What song do you want to play?
That song's name is High.
Could you confirm that you want to play High on TV?
That is right.
I have started playing that song.
What is the genre and album?
It's a pop song from the winter collection.
Thanks. I would love to find something interesting to do there.
Is there a specific city I should look in? Is there a preference on the event category?
I want to find something around Seattle. Sports events are cool.
How about Huskies Vs Cougars? This event takes place at Husky Stadium on March 5th at 8 pm.
Sounds fantastic.
Would you like to purchase tickets?
Not at the moment.
Would I be able to assist with something else?
No, but thank you for helping.
Have a wonderful day.
I would like to listen to a song.
Which song did you have in mind?
I like Caro Emerald songs, ones like Tangled Up.
Confirming playback of Tangled Up on TV.
Sounds good. What album is that from?
The song is from The Shocking Miss Emerald album and it has started playing.
Great, thank you.
How else may I help you?
I'd like to find an interesting event please.
In what city?
Something in New York City, I think.
Would you like a Music or Sports event, or something else?
I like Hip Hop concert events.
I have 3 shows you might like. On March 9th at 6:30 pm, Blackbear is playing at Pier 17.
Where is that located?
At 89 South Street.
That will work.
Shall I buy tickets now?
Not just yet. I'm all set for now.
Thank you very much.
I'd like to play the song.
Which song did you wish to play?
I'd like to play Superficial Love.
Please confirm you're playing Superficial Love on TV.
Yes, that sounds good. What is the album of the song?
The song is now playing. It is from the album Safe Haven.
What is the genre of the song?
The song is a Pop song.
Thank you. I'd like to find something interesting to do there. I like Games events and I really like Baseball.
Was there a particular city I should look in?
I'd like to find something around Anaheim, CA.
I found 7 events for you. One very popular event is Angels vs Astros at Angel Stadium of Anaheim on March 6th at 7:30 pm.
Where is the venue located?
The address is 2000 East Gene Autry Way.
Sure, that sounds good.
Did you want to buy tickets for this event?
No, I did not want to do that right now.
Did you need help with anything else today?
No, but thank you.
Have a wonderful day.
I want a particular song on.
Which song is that?
Its called Keep It Mello.
To confirm I will play Keep it Mello on TV.
Yes please. Do you know the genre and singer?
The song has started and yes it is a house song by Marshmello.
Thanks. Could you also help me find an activity, I do like Concert events.
Which city are you thinking?
NY city please.
Amber Run Brooklyn is well known and is on at Warsaw on March 14th at 6 pm.
Where is that and what type of event is it?
It is a pop event at 261 Driggs AVenue, Brooklyn.
That sounds perfect thanks that is everything for now.
Have a lovely day.
I want to play a song.
What song?
If You Met Me First. Play it on the television.
Please confirm, playing If You Met Me First on the TV.
Yes, that is correct.
Plays song.
What is the album? Who is the vocalist?
The vocalist and the album are both Eric Ethridge.Eric Ethridge.
I want to find something to do.
What kind of event?
I want to go to a concert.
What city?
NY.
Amber Run Brooklyn is playing at Warsaw on March 14th at 6 pm.
Cool, that is al
Have a nice day.
Please place naya naya penhi salwarba on kitchen speaker. I love shashi lal yadav 's song
please confirm to play naya naya penhi salwarba on kitchen speaker
thats right, what is the genre
this is a country song.
what album is this
this is in the album called no line signal likhat ba
thanks, can you find something else interesting to do
what would you like to do? music or sports? where would you like to go
i want to do some sports in chi-town
i found 10 sports event. Cubs vs brewers at wrigley field on march 6th at 6:30 pm
what kind of sports event is this
this is a baseball event
can you find me other events on march 5th
i found 4 sports event. cubs vs mariners at wrigley field on march 5th at 8:30 pm
what is the venue address? can you tell me more about this event
this is a baseball event located in 1060 west addison street
ok perfect, can you find me a music event in new york city
Amber run brooklyn will be playing at warsaw on march 5th at 7:30 pm
ok perfect
have a nice day
I'd like to listen to some music. I really like Mohammed Al Salem. Can you play Qalb Qalb Party?
You'd like to hear Qalb Qalb Party on the TV speakers. Is this correct?
Yes, that would be great.
Your selection is beginning now.
Can you tell me what genre that is and which album it is from?
Yes, it is a Pop song from the album Radh.
Can you help me find something to do?
Certainly. Where should I begin the search? Do you have a specific Music or Sports event in mind?
I'd like to attend a Concert in Portland, OR.
Bryan Adams will be performing at Theater Of The Clouds.
Can you tell me what the address is?
Yes, the address is 1016-1098 North Center Court Street.
Thank you for the help. That's everything I need.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day.
I'd like to listen to music. I'd like to hear Only Love.
Please confirm you're playing the song Only Love on TV.
Yes, that sounds right.
Enjoy your song.
I'd like to find things to do.
What events were you interested in?
I'm looking for a Concert. I'd like to find something in New York City.
I found the event Amber Run Brooklyn at Warsaw.
Could you help me find some other events please? I like the one on Saturday this week and I like Pop events.
I found 2 events for you. One event is Jojo Siwa at Forest Hills Stadium.
Sure, that sounds good.
Did you want to purchase tickets to this event?
No, I did not want to purchase tickets.
Did you need help with anything else?
No, but thank you for your help.
Have a wonderful day.
I want to listen to some music.
Is there a song that you would like to hear?
Play Business Dinners.
Confirming that you want me to play Business Dinners on TV.
Yes, that's right.
Enjoy!
Thanks! I also need some fun things to do.
I can help you with that. What city should I search in?
Search for something in LA.
What type of activities are you interested in?
How about a Concert.
I found 10 events for you. One event is Bill Callahan at the Lodge Room.
That sounds fun. That's all I need for now.
Have a good day.
I would like to hear music.
What song would you like to hear?
I want to hear I Want You.
Please confirm you want me to play I Want You on the TV.
Yes. That's right.
Please enjoy your song.
I'm also looking for things to do.
In what city and what are you interested in doing?
I am looking for a concert in San Diego.
Alejandro Sanz at the Cal Coast Credit Union Amphitheater is one of 10 events.
That sound great.
Would you like me to book tickets?
No. Not at this time. That's all.
Okay. Enjoy your day.
I like Zac Brown Band songs. I'd like to listen to Colder Weather.
Could you confirm that I should play the song Colder Weather on the TV?
Yes, that is right.
Enjoy listening.
I would like to find things to do.
What sort of things are you interested in?
I like Sports events.
Is there any particular city I should search in?
I want to find something in Phoenix, AZ.
How about Arizona Vs La Dodgers at Chase Field?
What sort of category of event is this and when does it start?
It is a baseball event and it starts at 5:30 pm.
That sounds great.
Would you like tickets for this event?
Not at the moment. This is all that I want.
Have a good day.
I have a midterm tomorrow and would like to listen to some music to help me stay awake. Can you find songs by Pop Evil and play them on the kitchen device.
What is the name of the song you are wanting to listen to?
I would really like to hear the song titled Be legendary.
Okay, so you want me to play Be Legendary on the Kitchen speaker?
Yes please. Can you tell me the genre of music that is considered and the name of the album it is on?
The song you are about to hear is classified as Metalcore and is featured in the album Pop Evil.
I would also like to go do something with my friends after the midterm is over. I'm really interested in Basketball.
I can help you find something. What type of events and activities interest you? Please say music or sports or any other category of events.
Sports would be my number one choice.
Okay, let's narrow it down a bit. What area would you like me to search for events in?
Preferably close to campus, so it would have to be in LAX.
The first event out of 4 that I have found is Sparks Vs Lynx playing at STAPLES Center.
What else do you have for me?
I see here that the Sparks Vs Mystics game will be held at the STAPLES Center as well.
Can you tell me when it starts and where exactly it is located?
The game begins at 5 pm and the address of the location is 1111 South Figueroa Street.
Is there anything else?
Yes, the Sparks Vs Storm game will also be playing at the STAPLES Center.
I like that one.
Would you like me to purchase tickets for this game on your behalf?
No, not right now.
Is there anything else I can do for you or help you find?
No, that is all I needed, but thank you.
My pleasure, have a good day!
Can you find me some music?
What song would you like to hear?
Please play All About That Bass on my tv
To confirm: You wish to play All About That Bass playing on TV. Correct?
Yes that is correct
Enjoy your song
Thanks! I am also trying to find something to do on Sunday this week in Chicago.
What type of event do you prefer? Music, Sports or plays?
Games. I am looking for games.
There are 7 events. What about the Cubs Vs Brewers at Wrigley Field?
Where is Wrigley Field located?
At 1060 West Addison Street.
Which category does this sport event fit?
It is a Baseball game. Is that what you want?
Yes. Sounds great.
Would you like me to reserve tickets.
No Thats all for now
Have a nice day.
I want to find music.
Do you have a song?
I want to hear The Heart Wants What It Wants.
Confirm The Heart Wants What It Wants to cast on TV.
I confirm. Is it from nine years back.
The year is 2014.
Thanks, I want to also do something next Thursday in Phoenix.
What kind of event?
I want to hear Music.
I have an event called Dodie at The Van Buren.
That is perfect to me.
Is there anything else?
No that is all.
Have a good time.
i want some music
what music do you want to listen
please play rats
please confirm to play rats on tv
yes please
enjoy
thanks, i also want to go to a pop events in washington d.c.
what are you preference
i want to go to the concert
i found 1 concert event by juliana hatfield at union stage
thats perfect
have a nice day
Can you play me some music?
Sure, what song?
Let's hear Banjo Odyssey on the bedroom speaker
Please confirm: playing Banjo Odyssey on the bedroom speaker
No, change it to All Night instead actually
Please confirm: playing All Night on the bedroom speaker
Yes that's right
Your music is playing now. Enjoy!
Can I get the album name?
The album is called The Princess
Who sang it? When is it from?
Parov Stelar is singing and it's from 2012
Ok good. Can you help me find something to do? I'm bored
Anything you're interested in? Maybe some music or sports?
Any good concert listings?
Sure. What city?
It will be in SFO
Allan Rayman is playing at August Hall.
Sounds nice
Would you like to buy tickets
I'm good for now thanks
Anything else I can do to help?
No. Appreciate the help
Always happy to help
I want to hear some music.
What song do you want to listen to?
Mile High.
Please confirm, playing Mile High on TV.
Yes, that is correct.
Enjoy the songs!
I want to find a football game to go to on the 13th of March.
What team? What city?
I am looking for games in Berkeley.
The Golden Bears Vs Trojans is happening at California Memorial Stadium.
Please find something else.
I could not find anything.
No, thanks anyway.
Have a good day.
I would like to listen to musing on the speaker in the kitchen. Please play Dusk Till Dawn.
You would like me to play the song Dusk Till Dawn on the Kitchen speaker. Is this correct?
Yes it is.
Enjoy the song.
What is the genre of the music?
Dusk Till Dawn is a pop song.
What album is the song from? Is it from '13?
It is from the 2017 album Icarus Falls.
Thank you. I would like to find some things to do.
What city would you like to find things to do in?
I would like you to look in Phoenix, AZ.
What are some things you would be interested in doing?
I am looking for games. I do enjoy Baseball. I would like to look for something in NYC.
There are 10 events that match what you are looking for. There is an event at Citi Field, the Mets Vs Braves.
That sounds good. Thank you.
Enjoy your day.
Can you pull up some Music by Charlie Puth?
Is there a certain you would like to hear?
Actually, yes, Dangerously.
Play Dangerously on the TV - is that correct?
Sure enough. Hey, was that released in '14. Which album is it from?
Its from the 2016 album Nine Track Mind. Take time for pleasure.
Great input, thanks.
What's next for me?
March 9th I want to find something fun to do, Sports related, in Chi-town.
Is the event you arelooking for Sky Vs Fever being hosted at the Wintrust Arena?
Wanted it when I heard it. You can go now.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you play some music by Diamond Platnumz on any device.
Which song do you prefer?
I do like African Beauty.
To confirm then i will play African Beauty on your TV.
Yes that is great.
Enjoy the song.
Thanks now I am looking for an activity.
What type for example music or sports or something else?
I think Music.
Which city do you want me to look in?
In Philadelphia please.
There are 10 options for you. One is Blueface at The Fillmore Philadelphia.
Sounds just right that's all man.
Have a good one.
I'm looking for music to listen to.
Sure, what song would you like to hear?
Please play Carry Me.
You would like to hear Carry Me on your TV, is that correct?
Yes.
Alright, enjoy the song.
Thanks!
Is there something else I can do for you?
Yes, I would like to find a Sports event in Vancouver, BC.
I found 3 Sports events you may like. The first is Whitecaps Vs Colorado Rapids at BC Place.
Where is that at and what time does it start?
It begins at 5 pm and the address is 777 pacific Boulevard.
Perfect! I don't need anything further.
Have a nice day!
I want to listen to Bad Habit by Ben Platt in my bedroom.
Confirm the following: Play Bad Habit on your bedroom speaker.
Yep.
Enjoy the music.
What album is it from?
The album's title is Sing To Me Instead.
Thanks! I'm looking for things to do.
Do you have a type of event in mind like music or sports?
Sports please.
Do you care what city?
I want basketball events in Seattle.
I found 5 events. One event is at Husky Stadium, and it's called Huskies VS Cougars.
That sounds good.
Do you want tickets?
Nope.
Do you need help with anything else.
Nope, thanks.
Have a good day.
I would like to listen to music by Gyptian, could you play it on any device please?
Any specific song you are interested in?
I would like to listen to Hold You, thanks!
Please confirm your action to play Hold You on the TV.
Sure, that is fine with me.
Enjoy listening to your music!
Sure, could you also help me find some things to do?
Any preference on the event location?
I would prefer Electronica events in LA on the 12th please.
Any preference on the type of events, such as Music or Sports events?
I would prefer concert events.
Sure, there is a Lights event at The Teragram Ballroom.
May I know where and when does the event start?
The event will start at 5:30 pm at 1234 West 7th Street.
Could you find some alternative events for me?
There is a The Acid event at Regent Theater DTLA too.
I see, that sounds great to me!
Would you like me to purchase tickets for this event?
No, that is not required. That is all I need, thanks!
Sure, have a pleasant day ahead!
I'd like to listen to Ridin High on the speaker in the bedroom.
Please confirm you're playing the song Ridin High on the Bedroom speaker.
Yes, that sounds right.
Enjoy the song.
Thank you! I'd like to find things to do. I enjoy Rock events.
Did you have a preference for the type of event? You can say Music, Sports, or anything else. Also, did you have a preference for the city I should look in?
I'm looking for something in LAX. I'd like to find a Concert.
I found 5 events for you. One event is Gloryhammer at 1720(tm).
When does the event begin and what is the address of the venue?
The event begins at 6 pm and the address is 1720 East 16th Street.
Sure, that sounds good. That's all I need for now.
Have a wonderful day.
I want to listen to some music. Play Try To Fight It by Shallow Side in my bedroom.
Sure thing. Please confirm the following for me: Play the song Try To Fight It on the Bedroom speaker.
Yes, that's correct.
Your music is playing. Enjoy!
Thank you! I'm also looking for something to do, can you help me out?
Sure thing. What are you interested in? Any particular city you want to search in?
Yeah, I'm looking for some Games around Los Angeles.
Okay, I found 10 events that you may like. How about the Dodgers Vs Cubs at Dodger Stadium?
No, can you find me something else please?
How about the Dodgers Vs Diamondbacks at Dodger Stadium?
Alright, now that sounds good. Thanks! That's all I need.
My pleasure! Have a great day.
I'd like to listen to some music on the kitchen device. Can you play Give You What You Like, please?
Of course, please confirm: playing Give You What You Like on the kitchen speaker.
Yep, that's right. Just wondering, what year did it come out and what album is it on?
Enjoy the song. It's from 2013 off the album Avril Lavigne.
Thanks so much. I want to find some things to do.
Okay, what city would you like me to look in?
I'd like to do something in NY, please.
What kind of events are you into? It may be music, sports, anything you can think of.
I want to find games for next Tuesday.
Great, I found 9 events you would enjoy. One is Mets vs Pirates at Citi Field.
That could be good, what time will it start?
The game begins promptly at 5:30 pm.
Hm, are there any other events I could go to?
How about Mets vs Rockies at Citi Field?
Please keep looking. I definitely wants a baseball game.
I found Nycfc vs Dynamo at Yankee Stadium.
That's perfect for me. I don't need any more help right now.
Have a nice day!
I would like to listen to Touch It on TV.
Play the song Touch It on the TV.
Yes, that is correct. Is it from the album from five years ago?
It's from year 2016 from the album Dangerous Woman.
I'm looking for an event.
What are you interested in? In which city should I search?
I'm looking for a sports event in Atlanta, GA.
There is Falcons Vs Buccaneers at Mercedes-Benz Stadium.
What type of event is this? What time does it start?
It's a Football game and it starts at 6 pm.
That sounds good. Thank you for the information.
Have a good day.
I'd like to listen to The Way I Talk.
PLease confirm: Play The Way I Talk on TV.
Yes, exactly, what album is it from?
Enjoy! IT's on the album If I Know Me.
What kind of music is it?
it's a country song.
Thanks! Could you find me a country music event in NYC.
How about Jamey Johnson at Sony Hall?
Can you find me other events please?
There's Jason Isbell at the Prospect Park Bandshell.
Can you find me some other events? How about a baseball event, or something else that's sports
I found 10 events. How about the mets vs braves at citi field?
Where's that venue, and when does it start?
It starts at 5 pm and is located at 123-01 roosevelt avenue.
Thank you, that sounds good to me.
Would you like to buy tickets?
No thanks.
Have a great day!
Please play some music for me. I want to listen to Consequences in my bedroom.
Okay, please confirm this: You are playing the song Consequences on your bedroom speaker.
Yes, that's right.
Enjoy your music!
Thanks! Can you help me find some music events in Washington?
I have 5 events for you to consider. Would you like Carbon Leaf at Union Stage?
That sounds great.
Do you want to buy tickets now?
No, thanks. That's all the help I needed.
Have a good day.
I like to listen music.
Any song you want to listen?
I like to listen shy.
Please give confirmation details: Run the song Shy on TV.
This is fine. In which album is it in and what type of music it is?
It is a pop sonG from album Heart Miles. Enjoy.
Thanks a lot. I am searching for things to do on 8th of this month and looking for concert around in New York.
I have short listed 10 events of your likings. One of them is Amber Run Brooklyn at Warsaw.
Could search some other events please?
The event called Chris Botti at Sony Hall.
This is cool for me.
Do you need any other help?
No, thank you very much for your help.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you cast Pyramid by Jake Zyrus on my kitchen speaker please?
Sure, please confirm you'd like to hear Pyramid on your kitchen speaker.
Yes. Is it the one from eight years ago?
It's actually from 2010.
Thanks, can you also help me find a concert in Atlanta, GA?
I found 5 events you may like. How about the Atlanta Summer organ Festival at Peachtree Road United Methodist Church?
Not that. Are there any electronica events in Berkeley?
Yes, there is Phutureprimitive at Cornerstone Craft Beer & Live Music.
That's perfect, thanks.
Should I get you tickets?
Nope, I don't want to buy them right now.
Anything else I can do?
Nope, that's it.
Have a good rest of your day.
I need to find some new music, on a kitchen device. I want Salam Alaikum. I like songs by Harris J.
Please confirm the following information: play Salam Alaikum on the Kitchen Speaker.
Yeah, that sounds good.
Enjoy your selection.
Thank you. I also need some stuff to do with Sports in Atlanta, on the 12th of March.
The event is Falcons vs Buccaneers and is at Mercedes-Benz Stadium.
Are there any other events in Music?
There is another in Emmylou Harris and is at Atlanta Symphony Orchestra.
When will it start? What type of event?
This is a Country event and will start at 5:30 PM.
Okay, that sounds good then.
Would you like to purchase tickets for this event?
No, I don't want them. Thank you.
Of course. Have a wonderful day.
Can you put on some music while I clean my room? Maybe something by the Radwimps?
Do you have a preferred song?
Let's go with Zenzenzense.
Ok, I'll put Zenzenzense on the TV.
Cool, thanks. What album is it from again and what genre is it?
It's categorized under Rock, and it's from Your Name.
Sweet, thanks. It's been a while since I went to a Music show also. Can you see what's going on in Yountville on the 13th?
Sure. Looks like Todd Rundgren is playing at Napa Valley Performing Arts Center.
Oh, that sounds good. Thanks, that's all for now.
No problem. Have a good day.
I want to hear the song high.
Playing the song High on TV
No, actually play lose you too
Playing lose you too on TV
who has sung this song?
The singer of the song is Shy Martin
Can you help me find some music events in new york city
Sure, there are 10 events which I have found. How about amber run brooklyn in Warsaw?
Sounds like a plan
Should I buy the tickets to the event?
No, I will do that later. That would be all for nonw
Have a fantastic day today
It's so quiet. Can you play some music on my speaker in the bedroom?
Any specific song?
Yes. Qaynona by Shahzoda.
Okay, so I'll be playing Qaynona via your bedroom speaker?
That is correct.
Enjoy the song.
I also want something to do.
In any specific city?
Yeah, in Oakland.
Any specific type of event, such as music or sports?
Yes. I want to look for sports events.
I found 5 sports events in the area. One is a Raiders vs Bengals match at the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum.
Sounds good. That's all I need for now.
Enjoy your day!
Will you play music?
What song?
Nobody Can Save Me.
Please confirm Nobody Can Save Me playing on TV.
Cool.
Enjoy.
Will you find Games in Stanford?
Cardinal Vs Ducks at Stanford Stadium.
Great. That's all.
Have a wonderful day.
I'd like to listen some music
what song would you like to listen?
I'd like to listen to Team
Play the song Team on TV. Do you confirm?
Yes, I confirm. Thanks
Good listening to you!
I would like to go to a Blues event
In which city? Do you prefer Music or Sports events?
I'm looking for Concert in NYC
I found Ben Harper at Pier 17
What's the address?
89 South Street
Ok, It's fine for me!
Do you need tickets for this event?
Not now, thanks. It's all
Have a nice day
I like to hear some nice music now especially Nota De Plata is liked by me the most and can you search it for me.
I need your confirmation to play the song Nota De Plata on TV.
Yes, please go ahead.
Song started playing now and hope you will enjoy it.
Yes, thanks and I want to know whether this song is from nine years ago? and also let me know the name of the album which contains this song.
The album name is Nirvana and it is from the year 2017.
Thanks for that information. I also need one more help. Please search for some Sports events like Baseball.
In which City do you want to search for the events?
Search it in Phoenix.
Got 10 results. What about an event like Arizona Vs La Dodgers at Chase Field?
That is great and thanks.
How can I help you further?
No, Thanks and that's all for now.
Have a good day.
I'd like to listen to some music.
Is there a particular song you want to listen to?
Yes, I would like to hear Goodbye Angels.
You would like to play Goodbye Angels on the TV, is that correct?
Yes, that's right. What genre of music is it, and who is the artist?
Now playing the song. It is a pop song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Great, thank you.
Is there anything else you need?
I'm looking for something to do. I'd like to see some live music in Seattle, WA.
I found 2 events you might like. How about Cody Johnson at the Flamingo Lot?
Sure, that sounds good.
Is there anything else you need?
No, that's all thank you.
Alright, have a nice day!
I want to listen to where have you been
Please play where have you been on tv
Yes thats right, when does it come out and whos the singer
This song is by rihanna from 2011
Thanks. I am also looking for a concert in vancouver, bc on march 7th
What about billy idol at pne amphitheatre
thats perfect
Do you want to purchase a ticket
no not yet
anything else i can help you with
no thats it
have a nice day
I am in a mind set of listening some nice songs like the one by Lady Gaga. Can you help to find it for me?
Let me know your interested category, so that I can search for the songs that is suitable to you.
I need your help to play a song name John Wayne now.
Need your confirmation to play the song John Wayne on TV.
Yes, please start to play the song.
Song started playing and enjoy the same.
Please check about the released date of this song, whether it is from three years ago?
It was released in the year 2016.
Thanks for that information. Can you find some nice events to me?
Yes, what about the type of events you need to search for whether it is Music or Sports or any other events?
Search it in the type Concert.
In which City Do I need to search for the events?
Search it in SD.
What about the event Alejandro Sanz at Cal Coast Credit Union Amphitheater? Do you like this event or you need further details to decide?
I want to know the starting time and address of the venue of this event to decide.
The venue is located at 5500 Campanile Drive and the event will start at 7:30 pm.
I want to search for the events like Blues.
Found 3 events. What about an event named Greta Van Fleet at Cal Coast Credit Union Amphitheater?
That is perfect for me.
Shall I buy tickets to this event now?
No, not for now.
Any more help you need?
No. Thanks. That's all.
Have a good day.
I'd like to listen to music.
Which song did you want to hear?
I'd like to hear Drive.
Please confirm you'd like to play Drive on TV.
Yes, that sounds good. What album is the song on and what genre of music is it?
The album is called Blues of Desperation and it is a Blues song. Enjoy!
I'm trying to find things to do.
Did you have a preference for the type of event? You can say Music, Sports, or anything else. Also, did you have a preference for the city I should look in?
I am trying to find Sports. I'd like to find something in Chicago.
I found 10 events for you. One event is Cubs vs Brewers at Wrigley Field.
When does the event begin?
It starts at 5 pm.
What is the address of the venue?
It is at 1060 West Addison Street.
Sure, that works for me.
Did you wish to purchase tickets to this event?
No, I did not wish to buy tickets. That is all I need.
Have a wonderful day.
I'd like to listen to music.
What song were you interested in?
I'd like to hear Laila Main Laila.
Please confirm you'd like to play the song Laila Main Laila on TV.
Yes, that's right. What type of music is the song?
The music is a South Asia song. Enjoy!
I'm looking for things to do. I am trying to find a Concert on Monday next week.
Did you want me to look in a particular city?
I'd like to find something in Philly.
I found 5 events for you. One event is Blueface at The Fillmore Philadelphia.
Great, that's all I need.
Have a wonderful day.
I would to find music.
Do you have a song in mind?
Yes, cast on my television the song Born Free.
Confirm cast TV the song Born Free.
Yes that is right.
Enjoy the song today.
I would like to find an event.
What is your preference for example, Music or Sports?
I want to go to Concert in Philly.
I have at The Fillmore Philadelphia, Blueface.
That is what I want.
Do you want tickets?
Hold off for now.
Is there anything else?
That is all I need today.
Have a good day.
I want to hear some music.
Do you have a song in mind?
I want to hear When She Says Baby by Jason Aldean.
Confirm When She Says Baby to cast on TV.
I confirm that all.
Enjoy the song you chose.
Thanks, I also want to go to an International Concert in SD.
I have Alejandro Sanz at Cal Coast Credit Union Amphitheater.
When is the start time?
It starts at 7:30 pm.
That is perfect for me.
Do you want tickets?
No hold off on tickets.
Is there anything else?
No that is all today.
Have a good day.
I am in a nice mood to hear some music in my TV and I love to hear the songs by Lenny Kravitz like Low. Can you play it for me now.
Please confirm to play the song Low on TV.
Yes, confirmed. Proceed.
Song started playing and enjoy it now.
What is the name of the album from which this song was taken?
It is taken from the album Raise Vibration.
Let me know the year of release and genre of this song.
It is a Rock type song and the one is released in the year 2018.
Thanks for that information. Search for some nice events to spend my free time.
In which Category and City you want me to search for?
Search it in Los Angeles and I like the Concert events mosetly.
How about an event named Bill Callahan at Lodge Room?
That is the nice one I think.
Shall I buy tickets to this event now?
No, thanks and that's all.
Have a good day.
Will you play Only Love by Jordan Smith on Kitchen speaker?
Please confirm Only Love playing on Kitchen speaker.
Great. Year it came out?
2018. Enjoy!
Thanks.
Anything else?
Will you find Games in Anaheim?
I found 7 events. Angels Vs Astros is at Angel Stadium of Anaheim.
Great.
You want to purchase tickets?
No.
Anything else?
That's all.
Have a wonderful day.
Play fresh eyes for me
Playing fresh eyes on TV
Cool, that works for me
playing music now. Enjoy
Thanks. I also need to send a transfer to Bob
Which account should I make the transfer from?
Transfer 1770 bucks from my checking account
Transferring $1770 from your checking accounts to bob checking account
Yes, that is correct
The transfer has been successfully completed
Thanks. Show me funny movies to watch online like ones directed by Laura Steinel.
How about Family?
Family works for me. That would be all
have a fantastic day ahead!
I'm in the mood for some music.
Any particular song?
I want to play I Would Like.
To be sure: You want to play I Would Like on the TV.
That's right. What year did this song come out?
It came out in 2016. Enjoy.
What classification of music is it?
It's considered Pop.
Great. Thank you.
Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'd like to transfer some money.
How much should I send and to who?
Send Amy 530 dollars.
From what account should I make the withdrawal?
Take it from savings.
Please verify: You would like to transfer $530 from your savings account and transfer it to Amy using her checking account.
That is correct.
Your transfer is verified.
Can you find me a movie online? Something directed by Jonathan Levine.
Any particular type of movie?
I'd like a comic movie.
How about Long Shot?
Long Shot would be perfect. That's all I need for now.
Have a great day.
Hi, I'd like to listen to a song on my television. Can you play If We Have Each Other by Alec Benjamin?
Yes, please confirm: playing If We Have Each other on TV.
Yep, that's what I want.
Enjoy the song!
Thanks so much, now I need to make a money transfer.
Sure, how much would you like to transfer and from which account? Also, who are you sending it to?
I'd like to transfer $1260 from my savings account to Raghav.
Okay, please confirm: transferring $1,260 from savings account to Raghav 's checking account.
Yep, that's right.
The transfer is complete.
Thanks so much. Now I'd like to find a movie to watch online.
Okay, what type of movies are you interested in?
A drama movie sounds good right now.
I found 10 for you. Would you be interested in Dogman, Hackers, or High Life?
Hackers sounds good.
Would you like me to play it for you?
No thanks, that's all for now.
Alright, have a good one.
I wish to listen to music now. Play it on my kitchen speaker. I love songs by The Wanted.
What type of song do you prefer?
I wish to listen to Glad You Came.
Kindly ensure that, Glad You Came song is played on kitchen speaker.
Yes. it is correct. In what year the song some out and from which album?
Enjoy the music. It is come out in the year 2010 from the album Battleground.
Thank you so much. I wish to make a transfer
To whom you need to send money?
Transfer four hundred and sixty dollars from savings account to Jerry.
From which account shall I do the transfer?
Use my checking account.
Kindly ensure that, $460 is transferred from checking account to savings account of Jerry.
yes. it is correct.
Your transfer is made.
Thank you so much for your help. I wish to see the movie on online.
What movie do you want to see?
I wish to see Drama movie.
What about Dogman, Hackers or High Life?
Is there any other options available?
What about Little Woods, Mary Magdalene or Ramen Shop?
Mary Magdalene is nice. That is what I want.
Have a fantastic day.
I'm in the mood for some music.
What do you have in mind.
How about Lotus Flower. Play it on the Kitchen device.
Lotus Flower on the Kitchen speaker?
Yes. Thats right.
Playing. Enjoy your song.
What genre is this? Do you know the album?
Its Electronica, off The King of Limbs.
Great. Could you transfer some cash to someones checking account.
From which account.
From my checking.
To Whom and what amount?
Eight hundred and ninety bucks to Raghav.
$890 from your checking account to the checking account of Raghav?
Exactly.
Transfer is done.
Great. Any good flicks playing in the interweb?
What are you into?
An action flick would be great.
Try The Last Dragon.
The Last Dragon? Great choice. I'm all set now.
Good day then.
I want to relax and listen to music.
What song would you like to hear?
I want to listen to self control.
You want to hear self control on the tv?
Yes, that's right. What genre of music is it?
It is pop song. Enjoy the music.
Thanks. I want to transfer money to xiaoxue from my checking account.
How much would you like to transfer?
I want to transfer $1,580.
You would like to transfer $1,580 from my checking account to the checking account belonging to xiaoxue?
Yes, that would be fine.
The transfer is complete.
I want to see an online thriller movie.
How about hotel mumbai or pet sematary?
I saw there already. Do you have any adventure movies directed by david sandberg?
Yes, there is shazam!
I saw that too. Is there anything else?
No there is not. Would you need additional assistance?
Let's try a movie directed by ronald neame.
How about the poseidon adventure?
Yes, the poseidon adventure would do me fine. That would be all.
Enjoy your day.
I'd like to listen to some songs by Starset please.
Okay, which song do you want to hear?
I'm in the mood to listen to Carnivore.
Okay, should I play the song Carnivore on the TV?
Yeah that's fine. Can you tell me which album it's from and when it was released?
It's from the 2013 Transmissions album, enjoy the song!
I need to send some money right now, can you help me make a transfer?
Sure, who do you want to transfer the money to?
I need to send the money to Pranav.
How much do you want to transfer to them and do you want to use your checking or savings account?
Please transfer 150 dollars from my checking account.
Please confirm that you want to transfer $150 from your checking account to the checking account of Pranav.
Yup, that's right.
Okay, your transfer went through.
Great, thanks! Can you help me find any movies directed by Ronald Neame to watch online?
Sure, what genre of movie do you want to watch?
I'm in the mood to watch an Adventure movie.
I found 1 movie you might want to watch. How about seeing The Poseidon Adventure?
The Poseidon Adventure sounds really interesting.
Do you want to watch it right now?
No, not right now. Thanks, that's all I needed.
Okay, have a nice day!
I'm in the mood for music. I'm a fan of Shawn Mendes.
Is there a particular song you'd like to listen to?
Yeah, it's Treat You Better.
I'll play Treat You Better on the TV, is that okay?
Yes, please play it. What genre is it? And what year was it released?
The genre is pop. It was released in 2016. Enjoy the song.
I also want to transfer money.
How much do you want to transfer and who will you transfer it to? Do you want to transfer it from your savings or checking account?
Use my savings account. Transfer 460 bucks to the savings account of Amy.
Okay, I'll transfer from your savings account $460 to the savings account of Amy, is that right?
Yes, please do it.
I've transferred the money.
I want to find a movie online that I can watch.
Is there a type of movie you prefer?
Non-fiction is my favorite type.
How about Breakthrough, JT LeRoy, or Searching for Sugar Man?
I really like Searching for Sugar Man. Okay, that's all for now.
Have a pleasant day.
I would like to listen to some music.
Is there a specific song you would like to listen?
I would like to listen to Girl Like You.
Can you please confirm that you want to listen to Girl Like you on TV?
That is what I want. Can you tell me from who is this song from?
Enjoy listening to the song. The song you requested is by Jason Aldean.
From which album is this song from?
The song is from the album called Rearview TOwn.
I appreciate it! Now I want to make a transfer.
Which is the amount you want to transfer, and to who you want to send the money at?
I want to transfer 1,530 dollars to Abhinav.
Do you want to use your checking or savings account for the transfer?
I want to use the checking account for the transfer.
Can you please confirm that you want to transfer $1,530 from your checking account to the checking account of Abhinav?
Yes, that is what I want to do.
Your requested transfer has been completed.
I appreciate your help. Now I want to find a movie which I can watch online.
Is there some specific kind of movie you want to watch?
I enjoy watching Thriller movies.
How would you like watching Hotel Mumbai or Pet Sematary?
Hotel Mumbai seems a good movie. That would be all.
Have a wonderful time!
Cast Din Don Dan by Ryutaro Nakahara on the Kitchen speaker.
Confirming that I am playing Din Don Dan on the Kitchen speaker?
Yes, correct.
Enjoy your music!
Thanks! I need to make a transfer.
From your checking or savings account? How much would you like to transfer? Who would you like to send the money to?
I want to send 1060 dollars from my checking account to Xiaoxue.
Confirming that you want to transfer $1,060 from your checking account to the checking account of Xiaoxue?
Yes.
Transfer successful.
Find me some Martin Scorsese Non-fiction movies to watch.
I found 1 movie. How about Shine a Light?
Shine a Light is good. That's all for now.
My pleasure. Have a good day.
I want music
what song then?
unstoppable is good
unstoppable on the tv
yes that works
enjoy the music
tom 380 dollars checking acount
what account is it?
checking account then
checking account $380 to tom and checking
yes then that works
it went through
I want a movie online
what movies do you enjoy?
funny ones rule
10 movies a madea family funeral auntie mame or dr. strangelove
auntie mame is good
wanna play movie?
No I do not
what else do you need?
no thank you
have a nice day
Any good tunes to play?
What do you have in mind?
How about Never Be Alone.
Never Be Alone on the TV?
Yes. What genre is this? When did it drop?
Its a 2015 pop song.
Cool. Can you shoot some money out of my checking account into someone else's checking?
How much do you want to send?
1100 dollars should do.
To whom is this going?
Its for Peter.
$1,100 from the checking account to the checking account of Peter?
You got it.
Done. Transfer complete.
How about a movie now. Maybe a Madeleine Olnek drama.
I have 1 for you. Wild Nights with Emily.
Wild Nights sounds like a good time. I'm satisfied for now.
Great. I'll be here if you need me.
Will you play Babe on my display?
Please confirm Babe playing on TV.
Great.
Enjoy.
Genre?
Country.
Who sang it? Which album?
Sugarland from the album Bigger.
Thanks. Will you make a transfer?
How much to transfer to which account and whom?
Transfer 980 bucks from my savings to the checking of Xiaoxue.
Please confirm the transfer of $980 from my savings to the checking of Xiaoxue.
That's right.
I've completed the transfer.
Will you find a movie to watch online?
Genre.
Funny movies.
A Madea Family Funeral, Auntie Mame or Dr. Strangelove?
Dr. Strangelove.
Play the movie?
Not now.
Anything else?
That's all.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you cast the song Bohemian Rhapsody by Billy Watman on the television?
Please confirm that you want to play the song Bohemian Rhapsody on TV.
Yes, that's right.
Song is playing now. Enjoy your music!
Thank you. Can you help me with a transfer?
From which account do you want to transfer the money?
Please use my checking account.
To whom would you like to send the money and how much would you like to send?
Send 550 dollars to Maria.
Please approve the transfer of $550 from your checking account to the checking account of Maria.
Approved. Please proceed.
The transfer has been completed successfully.
Can you find me some Rom-com movies directed by Tom McCarthy that I can watch online?
Would you like to watch The Visitor?
Not really. Are there any Drama movies directed by Simon Jaquemet?
There is 1 movie and it is The Innocent.
The Innocent is a great movie. That's all I need for now.
Have a great day!
I would like to hear Sarcasm by Get Scared on my Bedroom speaker please.
Please confirm you would like me to play the song Sarcasm on your Bedroom speaker.
Yes, and can you tell me the name of the album?
Yes, the name of the album is Best Kind Of Mess. Enjoy!
Thank you, I also need to make a transfer please!
Do you know the amount you would like to transfer?
I would like to transfer one thousand one hundred and ninety dollars from my checking account to someone's savings account.
Who would you like to transfer this money to?
I would like to transfer it to Abhinav.
Please confirm you are transferring $1,190 from your checking account to the savings account of Abhinav.
That is correct.
I have successfully transferred the money.
Thank you for your help, I would also like to find an online movie to watch.
Do you know what kind of movie you would like to watch?
Are there any Life history movies?
Yes, there is Breakthrough, JT LeRoy and Searching for Sugar Man.
Breakthrough would be a good one to watch.
Do you want me to play it now?
No, not at this time.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thank you, that will be all.
Have a great day!
I want to listen to music
Sure, what song did you have in mind?
Ya Layali please
Please confirm: play ya layali on the tv
Correct, which album is this?
It's ana keteer
Thanks, now I need a transfer
From checking or savings?
checking
How much and who do you where do you want to send it?
four hundred and ninety dollars to peter.
Please confirm: send peter $490 from my checking account to his checking account
correct
this transfer is complete
I want to watch a movie
Sure, which genre
Life history please
There are 4 movies I've found. Would you like any of the following movies breakthrough, jt leroy, or searching for sugar man?
Sure I'll see searching for sugar man
Shall I play this movie?
No, not now. That's all I need from you, thanks.
Have a wonderful day
I would like to listen to music.
What song would you like to hear?
I would like to hear Side Effects.
Please confirm: play the song Side Effects on the TV.
That is correct.
Enjoy the music.
I would like to make a transfer.
What account would you like to use to make the transfer and how much money?
I went to use my savings account to send it to Jerry.
How much would you like to transfer?
I want to trasnfer 1280 bucks.
Please confirm: Transfer $1,280 from your savings account to Jerry checking account.
That is correct.
The transfer has been completed.
I'd like to see a Fantasy movie online. I prefer movies directed by Hiroyasu Ishida.
I found 1 movie. How does Penguin Highway sound?
Penguin Highway sounds good. That is all I needed.
Enjoy your day.
I'm in the mood for some jams. Pull up my music please.
Sure, what songs are you in the mood to listen to today?
I want Written In Sand.
Ok, please confirm you would like to play Written In Sand on the TV.
Yes, you got it.
Great, your track is now playing. Enjoy your music?
Silly question, but is this from 2014?
No, this is from 2017.
Oh ok, thanks. I need to make a transfer real quick please.
Will you be using your checking or savings account? Who would you like to send money to and how much should I setup to send?
Use my savings and we're transferring 950 dollars to Xiaoxue please.
Please confirm you would like to transfer from your savings to Xiaoxue checking acocunt and total of $950. Is this correct?
Yes. please do it now.
Alright, I was able to successfully transfer the funds for you.
Great, Let's get a movie online to watch real quick.
Ok, what kind of movie would you like?
I would not mind watching some Thriller type movies.
May I suggest Hotel Mumbai or Pet Sematary?
Pet Sematary will do. Good bye.
Enjoy your day.
I'm in the mood to listen to music. I'd like to hear On The Loose.
Okay, just to check you want On The Loose to play on the TV.
Yes, you've got that right.
Here you go, enjoy!
Also, I'd like to make a transfer.
Okay, should I use your checking or savings account?
I'd like to use my checking account.
How much are you looking to transfer?
I need to transfer 370 dollars.
And who are you transferring it to?
I need to send the money to Rachel.
Okay, just to sure, you want $370 from your checking account transferred to Rachel, to her checking account.
You've got all of that right.
I've successfully made the transfer just now.
Great, you've been helpful. I also want to watch an online movie.
Okay, what type of movies do you like?
I'm into movies directed by Robert Budreau. Funny movies are my favorite.
How about the movie Stockholm?
Oh, wow, Stockholm would be perfect!
Should I go ahead and play the movie.
No, I don't want to play it.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all. Thanks!
You have a terrific day!
Hi there, could you help me play If I Killed Someone For You by Alec Benjamin on my Bedroom speaker please?
Sure, please confirm your choice to play If I Killed Someone For You by Alec Benjamin on your Bedroom speaker.
That is fine with me.
Your music is currently being played.
Thank you! May I know when was this song released?
It was released recently, in 2018.
May I know what is the song's genre and which album did it appear in?
This is a Pop song from the album Narrated For You.
Sure, could you help me make a transfer please?
How much would you like to transfer, and which account will you be using? Your checking or savings account?
Could you send 1280 dollars from my savings account to the checking account of Xiaoxue?
Sure, please confirm your transfer of $1,280 from your savings account to the checking account of Xiaoxue.
That is fine with me.
Your transfer has been made.
Thank you, could you help me search for romantic movies directed by Jenny Gage online please?
Sure, would you like to watch After?
After is fine with me, thank you, that is all I need.
Sure, have a great day ahead!
Will you play Love Like This on my television?
Please confirm Love Like This playing on TV.
Perfect. Which album?
It's from the album Magic. Enjoy.
Will you transfer 720 dollars?
From which account?
My checking.
Who's the recipient?
Transfer to checking account of Amy.
Please confirm a transfer of $720 from my checking account to the checking account of Amy.
Perfect.
I've made the transfer.
Will you find a movie to watch online directed by Michael Chaves?
What genre?
Ghost movies.
The Curse of La Llorona.
Curse of La Llorona is perfect.
Play the movie?
Not now.
Anything else?
That's all. Thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
I want to listen to Bruk Off Yuh Back from Konshens in my bedroom.
Playing Bruk Off Yuh Back from Konshens in bedroom speaker.
That is correct. What kind of song is this?
It's a Reggae song
I would like to make a transfer.
From your checking or savings account? What is the amount of the transfer?
The transfer is from my savings account transfer $1,490 to Abhinav.
Sending $1,490 from savings account to Abhinav checking.
Yes, that is correct.
Your transfer was made.
I would like to watch a movie.
What type of movie do you like?
I would like a romantic movie.
There is After, Pillow Talk or Say Anything?
Pillow Talk is the one I would want to watch.
Do you want me to play movie?
No, do not play movie.
Can I help with something else?
No, that is all.
Have a good day.
Listen to music
what song then?
whore is the song
whore is on tv
yes that is right
enjoy it then
I wanna make a transfer
what account then?
the checking account
where to send money?
send at sanuj
what amount then?
$1,240 is good
confirm checking $1,240 to sanuj checking
yes that works
it went through
I want a movie
what movie then?
chris butler, comedy movie
tell about missing link
missing link works
have a nice day
I have an urge to listen to some music?
Do you have anything in mind.
I could go for Ik Vaari Aa.
I'll play Ik Vaari Aa on the Tv, is that good with you?
That's totally good with me.
Enjoy the song.
Thanks so much! I also have to make a transfer.
Do you need to do it with you checking or savings account? And how much will you transfer.
It with my checking account. I have to transfer $1200.
And who are you transferring the money to>
I'm transferring it to Jerry and his savings account.
I'll transfer $1,200 from your checking account to the savings account of Jerry, is that right?
Yeah, that's right.
I've transferred the money.
Okay, great. Now help me look for a movie online to watch.
Is there a genre that you prefer?
A Comic movie would hit be satisfying.
How about A Madea Family Funeral, Auntie Mame, or Dr. Strangelove?
I like Auntie Mame.
Would you like me to start the movie?
No, don't start it.
Do you need me for anything else?
No, thanks for the help.
Have a pleasant day.
I'm interested in hearing some songs
Sure, did you have anything in mind?
Yes, outrunning karma
Please confirm: please play outrunning karma on the tv
Correct, can you tell me if this is from six years back?
It's from 2018
Which album is it from?
Narrated for you
Awesome, I want to make a money transfer.
Sure, what amount and where shall I send it to?
100 dollars to abhinav
Which account?
My checking account
Please confirm: $100 from your checking account to be transferred into abhinav checking account
Correct
This transfer is complete
Awesome, thanks. Now I really want to find a good movie online.
What genres are you interested in?
Comedy
How about A madea family funeral, auntie mame or dr. strangelove?
What else is there?
There's family, gloria bell or green book?
Gloria bell, please.
Shall I start the movie now?
No, not yet.
Is there anything else?
Nope, that's all. Thanks
Have a wonderful day.
I want to listen to some music, can you play something?
What song do you want to reproduce?
Please play Ik Vaari Aa.
Please confirm: Playing Ik Vaari Aa on the TV.
That is correct. Do you know if the song came out three years back? And whose it from?
The song is playing. It came out on 2017 and it is by Arijit Singh.
Thanks a lot. I also need to make a money transfer.
To whom do you want to send the money?
Make the transfer to Peter.
From which account?
Transfer from my savings account.
How much would you like to transfer?
Transfer 800 dollars please.
Please confirm: Transferring $800 form my savings accounts into the checking account of Peter.
That is correct.
The transfer was successful.
I also want to look for something to watch online.
What type of movie are you looking for?
Look for a Fantasy movie. Is there anything directed by Hiroyasu Ishida?
Are you interested in Penguin Highway?
Penguin Highway sounds great.
Do you want to reproduce it?
Not right now, that would be all for now.
Have a great day.
I need to find some music to listen to.
What songs would you like to hear?
I want to hear Knock Knock please.
You want Knock Knock cast to the TV, correct?
Yes that is correct, is this a song from 2017?
No it is from 2014. Enjoy your tune.
Thanks, I also need to transfer some cash.
Which account would you like to transfer from, checking or savings? How much do you need to transfer and where do you want it transferred to?
Send 350 dollars to Amir from checking.
You want $350 sent to Amir from your checking to their checking, correct?
Yes that's correct.
Your cash has been transferred.
I need to find a romantic movie by George Sidney to watch online.
Do you want to watch Viva Las vegas.
Is there anything else you can find?
I cannot not find any more of your preference. Can I do anything else for you?
Yes please find a funny movie by Neil Burger please.
How about the Upside?
The Upside is great thanks.
Do you want me to play the movie?
Not at this time thanks.
What else can I do for you?
Nothing, that is all thank you.
Okay, have a good day.
I would like to listen to some music while I do some spring cleaning.
Is there a particular song you would like me to play for you?
Yes, my friend told me about this great song titled Sucker.
Please confirm that you want to listen to the song titled Sucker on the TV.
Yes, that sounds good to me.
Have fun listening to your music.
I also need your help making a transfer.
Who would you like to make a transfer to, for how much, and would you like to use your checking or savings account to make this transfer?
I need to transfer four hundred and twenty bucks from my savings account to Abhinav please.
I just need you to verify the details I have before I proceed. You would like to transfer $420 from your savings account to the checking account belonging to Abhinav, is that correct?
Yes, that's all correct.
I have just successfully confirmed that transfer on your behalf.
Now can you help me find a ghost movie directed Michael Chaves?
I could only find 1 movie matching that criteria titled The Curse of La Llorona.
The movie The Curse of La Llorona sounds interesting. That will be all for now.
Okay, enjoy your day.
I fancy listening to some good music.
Any particular song?
Yes Drive please.
To confirm then I will play Drive on the TV.
Yes that's right.
Enjoy the song.
Do you know who sang it and when it was released?
Yes it was Joe Bonamassa and he released it in 2016.
Thanks now can I make a bank transfer of one thousand six hundred dollars?
Which account will I use?
Please use my checking account.
Who is receiving the money?
Send it to Bob please.
To confirm then you are sending $1,600 to Bob from your checking account to his checking account.
Yes that is right.
Your transfer is now completed.
I fancy watching a movie online now, possibly a crime directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
What do you think of the movie Blackmail - Cinemix Par Chloe?
Blackmail - Cinemix Par Chloe is perfect thanks for everything.
Have a lovely day.
I want to listen to some songs
which songs do you want?
So Mi like it
please confirm: Play the So Mi like it on TV
yes play. Whose is this song and when was it released?
It was Spice song released in 2014
ok, please transfer one hundred and fifty dollars.
who should i transfer it to and which account to use?
Send it to Peter from my checking account
Please confirm: transfer $150 to Peter 's checking account from my checking account.
thats right
your transfer is done
please find me a movie online
which kind of movie?
Drama will be good
how about Dogman, Hackers or high life?
High life is great. Thats all
have a good day
I want to listen to a Kygo song.
Sure, which one did you have in mind?
Carry Me
Please confirm: play carry me on the tv
Correct, is this song from 2019 and what genre is it?
It's from 2016 and a downtempo song
I'd like to make a money transfer
Ok, where would you like to transfer money?
Send 870 dollars ot peter
From which account?
My savings.
Please confirm: send peter $870 from my savings account to his checking account
correct
This transfer is complete
I'd like a Michael Gordon directed movie to watch
Which genre would you prefer?
Romantic please
There's 1 movie called Pillow Talk that you might like.
Pillow talk seems like a good choice. Thanks
Have a wonderful day
I want to play some music.
Do you know what song you want to hear?
I am to play Alone With You.
Want want to cast the song Alone With You on TV, right?
That is right. What genre is it and what year was it released?
It under the Country genre and it was released in 2011. Enjoy!
I want to transfer 540 dollars from my checking account to someone's savings account.
Who are you sending money to?
I want to transfer money to Rachel.
You want to send $540 from your checking account to Rachel in her savings account?
Yes, that is right.
Your transfer is complete.
Find me a movie to see on the Internet.
What genre of movies do you want me to search for?
Look in Adventure movies.
Captain Marvel, Shazam! and The Poseidon Adventure or all available.
The Poseidon Adventure is prefect.
Shall I start the movie?
No, not right now. That is everything for now.
Have a great day.
I'm ready to hear tunes on my TV. How about Now that I Found you by Carly Rae Jepsen?
Sure to confirm, Now that I Found you on the TV?
That's it. What is the genre please?
It's pop, enjoy.
I need to move some money. Take 880 bucks form my savings and put into another's checking.
Whom gets the money?
Sent to raghav please.
Sure, to confirm your transfer: Sent $880 to Raghav from my savings to their checking.
You got it.
The transfer is done.
Can you get me a movie to watch online? I want an Eric Khoo directed Drama.
There is only 1. It's Ramen Shop.
Sure Ramen Shop is great. Thanks.
Have a good day.
I need to listen to some music. I'm so bored.
What song do you feel like listening?
I want to listen to One Last Time.
So One Last Time on the TV?
Yes, that's correct.
Enjoy the music.
Thank you. I need to make a transfer to Maria, send her $1140 please.
Should I use the checking or savings account?
The checking account please.
So a transfer of $1,140 to Maria from your checking account to her checking account?
Yes, that's correct.
Your transfer was successful.
Help me find a movie directed by Qui Sheng to watch please, a drama one.
Would you like to watch Suburban Birds?
Suburban Birds it's great. Thanks a lot.
Have amazing day.
Will you play The Struggle?
Please confirm the song The Struggle playing on TV.
Great.
Enjoy.
Will you make a transfer to their savings?
From which account?
My savings.
Amount to transfer?
Six hundred and fifty dollars.
Recipient of the money?
Maria.
Please confirm the transfer of $650 from my savings to the savings account of Maria.
That's right.
I've completed the transfer.
Will you find movies directed by Jia Zhangke?
Genre?
Fight.
I found 1 movie. Ash Is Purest White.
Ash is Purest White is perfect.
Play the movie?
Not now.
Anything else?
That's all.
Have an amazing day.
I want to enjoy listening to some music.
Do you have a particular song in mind that you want to listen to?
I would like that Jennifer Lopez song Dance Again.
So do you confirm that you want Dance Again played on TV?
Yeah that is right.
I hope you like your music.
Can you help make a transfer for me?
How much amount are you transferring?
I want to transfer one thousand two hundred and twenty bucks exactly.
What account do you want me to access and who is the recipient of the money?
I want you to use my savings account and transfer it to Maria.
So you want $1220 transferred from the savings account to Maria at her checking account?
Yeah that is correct.
I have completed your transfer.
Now I would like to sit back and relax with a movie. Find something I can watch online.
Is there any type of movie you are interested in?
I love comedy movies.
You can have 10 options. What do you think of A Madea Family Funeral, Auntie Mame or Dr. Strangelove?
Can you look for something else? I do enjoy Robert Budreau directed movies.
Do you like Stockholm?
I am good with Stockholm. That will be all.
Enjoy your day!
I want to relax and listen to some music.
What song would you like to hear?
Cast no stones.
You want to place cast no stones on the tv?
Yes, that's right.
I hope you enjoy the music.
What album is it from and who is the singer?
The song is from the album adobe sessions and is sung by cody jinks.
Thanks. I would like to transfer two hundred and seventy dollars from my checking account.
Who would you like to send the money to?
I want to sent it to sanuj.
You would like to transfer $270 from your checking account to the checking account belonging to sanuj?
That is correct.
The transfer is complete.
Thanks a lot. I want to see an online movie by tim burton.
What genre of movie?
I want to see a fantasy movie.
There is 1 available: dumbo.
Dumbo is a good choice. That would be all.
Enjoy your day.
Can you cast music on the television for me/
What song would you like to hear?
I want to her What Now.
You wish to play the song What Now on your TV. Correct?
Yes that is correct. What album is it from? Do you know if it's from nine years ago?
It is from the album Unapologetic in 2012. Enjoy your song.
Thank you. Can you help me make a transfer?
Who are you sending the money to? What amount should find transfer?
Please transfer 1,510 dollars to Peter.
Which account should I use?
Use my checking account.
To confirm: You want to transfer $1,510 from your checking account to the checking account belonging to peter. Correct?
Yes it is.
Your transfer is complete.
Thank you. Can you find a movie for me to watch online?
What kind o fmovies do you prefer?
I like fight movies.
There are 2 you may like. What about Ash Is Purest White or Blackmail - Cinemix Par Chloe?
Is there anything else? I like ghost movies also. How about something directed by Michael Chaves?
What about What about The Curse of La Llorona??
What about The Curse of La Llorona sounds great. Thanks that is all I need.
Have a nice day.
Can you play me some music?
Do you want to listen to anything in particular?
Play me The Resistance.
Understood, to want to play The Resistance on the TV.
That is correct.
The music will commence shortly, enjoy.
What kind of music is this song classified as, and from what album?
The song is a rock song from the Unleashed Beyond album.
Can you also make a transfer, use my savings account?
How much would you like transfer today?
Set the transfer to $1420.
To whom are you sending money to?
Raghav is the recipient of this transfer.
From your savings account, you will transfer $1,420 to the checking account of Raghav.
That is correct.
The transfer was successful.
Can you also find me a movie to watch, a comic movie by Stanley Kubrick.
How about Dr. Strangelove, it is 1 movie I could find?
That sounds great, thanks for recommending Dr. Strangelove.
Shall I play the movie?
Not at the moment, thanks.
Anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all, thanks.
Your welcome, have a good day.
I want to listen to He is
please confirm: Playing He is on the TV
yes thats fine. Which year did it release?
started the song. It was released in 2015
help me make a transfer
who is the recipient and which account to use, checking or savings and the amount to transfer
send 1780 dollars from my Savings account to Maria
please confirm: Sending $1780 from savings account to Maria 's checking account
yes correct
your transfer is done
Find me a biographical movie to watch online
there are 4 of your liking. Breakthrough, JT leRoy or searching for sugar man?
Breakthrough is good
should i play it
no, not now
any thing else?
no, thanks
have a good day
I want to listen to music by Sia on my television.
What songs do you like to listen?
I would like to listen to The Greatest.
Please confirm the details: Play The Greatest on TV
Yes. That's correct.
Enjoy your music.
Thanks. I would like to make a transfer.
To whom would you like to make a transfer and also from which account- Checking or savings account?
I want to send 740 bucks to Pranav from my savings account.
Please confirm the details: Transfer $740 from my savings account to Pranav Checking account.
Yes. That's correct.
The transfer is successful.
Thanks for your help. I wanted to watch a movie online.
What kind of movie do you want to watch?
Documentary movies would be a great option.
There are 4 movies that you can like. Do you like Breakthrough, JT LeRoy or Searching for Sugar Man?
Searching for Sugar Man would be great. That's all I needed for now.
Have a nice day.
I want to listen to some music now.
What is the song you are looking for?
I would enjoy listening to My Donna.
Can you confirm that you want to listen to My Donna, and you want the song to be played on TV?
Yes, that is what I want.
Enjoy your time listening to the song.
I appreciate it!
Is there something else I can do to help you with?
I want to make a transfer of 1260 dollars, and I want to send the money to their checking account.
Do you want to make the transfer from your checking or savings account?
I want to use my savings account for the transfer.
To whom you want to send the money?
I want to send the money to Pranav.
Can you please confirm that you want to send $1,260 dollars from your savings account to the checking account of Pranav?
Yes, that is correct.
Your requested transfer has been made.
Now I want to find a movie online which I can watch.
Is there some specific kind of movie you are interested in?
I usually like to watch Drama movies.
There are 10 movies which suit your request. How would you like watching Dogman, Hackers or High Life?
I would like to watch the movie Hackers.
Do you want the movie to start playing now?
No, I do not want to watch the movie now.
Do you want me to help you with something else?
No, that would be all. I appreciate your help.
Have a good time!
Hi, i need a help, I feel boring now, I want to listen some good music, I need to listen to somebody on bedroom device. I like song by The Chainsmokers.
Sure, i will help you, please confirm the following details: Play the song Somebody on Bedroom speaker.
Yes, You are right
Enjoy the music, Shall i help you with anything more?
Thank you, i need to make a transfer.
Okay, Please tell me what amount would you like to transfer and which account should i use for? who would you like to send money to?
Transfer $460 to Maria from my checking account.
please confirm the following details: Transfer $460 to maria from your checking account and the money send to their checking account.
Yes, you are right.
Congratulations, The money transferred to maria's account.
thanks, I am interested to watch movie online, I like the movies directed by Tyler Perry, I like comic movies
I found 1 comic movie, Do you like A Madea Family Funeral?
Thank you, Family Funeral is a good movie. bye
You are welcome, have a great day, bye
I'm feeling a bit bored right now. Can you help find me something good to listen to ?
Sure thing. Do you have specific song in mind?
Yeah, play Burning Man for me.
No problem. Please confirm: Play Burning Man on your TV. Correct?
Yeah, that's perfect. Hey, can you tell me what year this came out? I can't remember.
No problem. This song was released in the year 2018. Enjoy your music!
Thanks! What album is it from?
This song is from the album The Mountain.
Cool, thanks a bunch. Oh yeah, I'd also like to make a bank transfer. Can I send some money to someone else savings account?
No problem. Which account should I use?
I'd like to transfer from my savings account.
No problem. I just need to know who to transfer the money to and how much.
I'd like to transfer one thousand two hundred dollars to my Sanuj.
Got you. Can you please confirm the following for me: Transfer $1,200 from my savings account to the savings account of Sanuj. Is this correct?
Yes, that's right. Thank you.
No problem. Your transfer was a success! Anything else?
Yeah, I'm still bored. Can you find me a great Fantasy movie to watch online?
Sure thing. I've found 4 movies you may like. Would you rather watch Dumbo, Hellboy, or Mad Max: Fury Road?
You know, I hear Mad Max: Fury Road is great. Let's play that one.
Would you like to play the movie now?
You know what, cancel that I have something else I need to do that I forgot about.
Can I help you with anything else today?
No thanks, that's all.
My pleasure. Have a nice day.
Will you play music?
What song?
Gasoline.
Please confirm Gasoline playing on TV.
Perfect. Genre? Year released?
Electropop. Released on 2015. Enjoy.
Thanks. Will you make a transfer?
Amount? From which account?
Transfer 1,480 dollars from my checking account.
Who's the recipient?
Transfer it to Amy.
Please confirm transfer of $1,480 from my checking account to the checking account of Amy.
Fantastic.
I've completed your transfer.
Thanks. Will you find a movie to watch online?
Genre?
Funny movies directed by Jonathan Levine.
Long Shot.
Long Shot is perfect.
Play the movie?
Not now.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you cast the song How Deep Is your Love by Sean Paul on the speaker in the kitchen?
Confirm your request to play the song How Deep Is Your Love on the Kitchen speaker.
Yes, please go ahead.
Song playing now. Enjoy your music!
Thank you. Can you help me with a transfer?
To whom would you like to transfer the funds and how much would you like to transfer?
Transfer $320 to Raghav.
From which account should the money be transferred?
From my savings account please.
Requesting approval to transfer $320 from your savings account to the checking account of Raghav.
Approved. Please proceed.
The transfer has been completed successfully.
Can you find me movies by Cameron Crowe involving Love story plots that I can watch online?
There is 1 movie called Say Anything.
Say Anything is a fantastic movie!
Would you like to watch it now?
No, not now. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. That'll be all. Thank you.
Have a great day!
Put on some tunes.
Is there a particular song you'd like to listen to?
Play me Beautiful in White.
I'll play the song Beautiful in White on the the TV, is the okay?
That would be great.
Enjoy the song.
Who is this song by and what's the album it's from?
The song is by Shane Filan from the album Love Always.
Thanks! Now I want to make a transfer.
How much do you want to transfer?
I want to transfer 140 dollars.
Do you want to use your checking or savings account? And who are you transferring this money to?
I want to transfer it to Maria from my checking account.
I'll transfer $140 from your checking account to the checking account of Maria, is this correct?
Yes, that's correct.
I've made the transfer.
Thanks so much. Please help me look for a movie online I can watch.
Do you have certain kinds of movies you prefer?
Movies directed by Laure de Clermont-Tonnerre are really good. I also like Drama movies.
There 1 movie I've found that matches. How about The Mustang?
I like The Mustang.
Would you like me to start the movie?
No, you don't need to start it. I don't need any more help.
Okay, have a good day then.
Will you play Nota De Plata by The Motans on my bedroom speaker?
Please confirm Nota De Plata playing on Bedroom speaker.
That's right. Which album?
From the album Nirvana. Enjoy.
Thanks. Will you make a transfer?
What amount?
Transfer 1,440 dollars from my savings account.
Who's the recipient?
Transfer it to Jerry.
Please confirm $1,440 from my savings account to the checking account of Jerry.
Perfect.
I've made the transfer.
Thanks. Will you find a Comedy to watch online by Tyler Perry?
A Madea Family Funeral.
A Madea Family Funeral is perfect. That's all.
Have a wonderful day.
I want to hear John Wayne music.
Confirm John Wayne on TV.
Is that from two years ago?
It is from 2016 from Lady Gaga.
I also need to make a transfer.
Do you want checking or savings?
Send to Rachel from checking.
What is the amount?
The amount is 1750 dollars.
Confirm $1750 from checking to Rachel checking account.
That works for me.
You are now confirmed.
Thanks, I want to watch a movie.
What kind of movie?
A comic movie directed by Jonathan Levine.
I have 1 called Long Shot.
Long shot works for me.
Shall I start it?
No that is all I need.
Have a good day.
I wish to hear the music.
Any song selection you want to hear?
I like to hear time up.
Please give confirmation details: Run the song Time Up on TV.
yes, this is perfect. Can you tell me the song is from which album and who is the singer?
Have fun with your music. Singer of the song is Shenseea and it is from the album Big A presents One Chance Riddim.
I like to make a tranfer of $1,300 and send this to checking account.
To whom you want to send money? which account should i use ? checking or savings.
Transfer the money to Xiaoxue from my checking account.
Please give confirmation details: Send money to checking account of Xiaoxue from my checking account and the amount is $1,300.
Okay, i will transfer.
Your amount transferred successfully
I like to watch a online movie.
What type of movie you like to watch?
I like comic movies.
What is your opinion about A Madea Family Funeral, Auntie Mame or Dr. strangelove?
I like to watch Auntie Mame.
Are you like to run the movie?
No, i am not interested to do so.
Have a great day.
I want to hear music on my kitchen device by Janob Rasul.
Which song do you want to hear?
I want Yomonsan.
You want to play Yomonsan on kitchen speaker, correct?
Yes that is right.
Enjoy your song.
Thank, I also need to transfer some cash.
From checking or savings? How much do you want to transfer?
Transfer 850 dollars from checking please.
Who will you send the cash to?
It's going to Tom.
You want to send $850 from your checking to the checking of Tom, correct?
Yes that's right.
Your transfer was successful.
Thanks, please find me a drama to watch online.
I found 10, how about Dogman, Hackers, or High Life?
What else can you find? I would like a James Kent war movie.
I found 1, how about the Aftermath?
The Aftermath is great. That's all I needed.
Okay, enjoy your day.
Hello. Can you play me New Friends by Maty Noyes on my bedroom speaker?
That I can do. You want to hear New Friends on your bedroom speaker?
Yes, that is accurate.
Enjoy the song.
Now then, I need to send some money to a friend. Can you go with my checking account?
Who is the friend?
Her name is Rachel.
How much money should you transfer?
Send her $1470.
You want to send $1,470 from your checking account to the checking account of Rachel?
That is correct.
I have transferred the money.
Okay, great! Thank you. Now that that's out of the way, I want to relax and watch a movie by Max Minghella.
What genre would you prefer?
A musical, please.
I found 1 suitable movie for you. How does Teen Spirit sound?
Teen Spirit sounds great.
Want to give it a watch now?
Not right now.
How else can I help you for now?
Nothing else right now. Thank you.
Enjoy your day!
I'd like to hear some music. Can you play Try To Fight It?
Please confirm: you'd like to play Try to Fight It on the TV.
Yes, that's right. Hey what album is that from? And what year did it come out?
Enjoy the music. It's from the 2012 album Origins.
Thanks! Oh, I also need to make a transfer.
Would you like to transfer from your checking or savings account?
The savings, please.
How much would you like to transfer? And to whom?
Send $1530 to Maria.
Alright, please confirm the following: You'd like to make a $1530 transfer from your savings account to Maria 's checking account.
Yes, that's right.
Your transfer is complete.
Cool, can you help me find a movie to watch online? A Comic movie.
I found 10 possible movies. Would you like A Madea Family Funeral, Auntie Mame, or Dr. Strangelove?
Auntie Mame would be great.
Would you like me to go ahead and start playing the movie?
No, not right now, thanks. That's all I needed.
Enjoy!
put music on speaker in the kitchen
what song then?
listen to bounce
bounce on kitchen speaker
what music is it?
2013 pop song
thanks a lot
how much do you wanna transfer?
sent to amy to savings $120
savings $120 to amy checking
yes that is good
it was succesful
I want a movie
what movies then?
madeleine olnek drama
how about wild nights with emily?
wild nights with emily works
have a nice one
Please play the song Attention by Charlie Puth on the display
Please confirm: Playing the song Attention on the TV
yes, thats right
Playing it now, enjoy
Help me make a transfer of $1770 to Abhinav 's checking account
From which account should i transfer?
Transfer from my checking account
Please confirm: Transferring $1770 to Abhinav 's checking account from your checking account
yes, thats right
your transfer is complete
find me a movie online
which kind of movie>
Romance will be good
ok, how about After, Pillow talk or Say anything?
After is good, thats all
have a good day!
I am looking for a Szcheuan restaurant with any price range.
Where?
SF.
San Francisco has a good one called Alice's.
I need to know if they have live music and a contact number.
You can reach them at 415-282-8999 but there is no live music.
I would like a reservation at that establishment.
What time?
5 pm would be perfect.
I will book a table this March 1st for 2 at 5 pm in San Francisco at Alice's with your permission.
Permission granted.
A table will be held for you.
Awesome. Add the reservation to my schedule.
I need a name and time and if I am correct it is at 1599 Sanchez Street.
The address is correct. Label if Food at 16:45 on my schedule.
With your permission I will label your calendar Food this March 1st at 4:45 pm with a location of 1599 Sanchez Street.
Permission allowed.
Your schedule now reflects the event.
What would I do without you.
What else do you need?
That's all. Thanks again.
Enjoy yourself today.
I am starving! Can you find me a place to eat?
No problem. What city would you like to search in? Do you have any specific type of food you want?
Find me some good Diner food in SFO please.
I hear 1760 is one of the nicest restaurants in San Francisco. What do you think?
Yeah, that works for me.
Would you like to reserve a table?
Yeah, let's go ahead and make a reservation. I can't wait!
Okay, what time would you like to reserve a table?
Make a reservation for 5:15 pm for me.
No problem. Please confirm the following information for me: Booking a table for 2 at 1760 in San Francisco for 5:15 pm on March 1st. Correct?
Yup, that's exactly right. Thanks.
I'm terribly sorry but I couldn't make the reservation for you at that time. How about a table for 2 at 1760 for 5 pm on March 1st instead?
Okay, that still works.
Your reservation is complete. Enjoy your meal!.
Thanks. Just a few more questions for you. Do they have live music by chance? And in what price range would say they are in? I'd like to know what type of money I'll be spending.
I would say they are pretty expensive but the food is great. They do not have live music however.
Okay, thank you very much. I'd like to add this to my calendar please.
Okay. Is this event happening at 1760 Polk Street? What time would you like to schedule this event and what name shall we give it?
Yeah, that's the place. Lets call it Lunch at 1760 and schedule the event for 17:00.
Okay, please confirm the following for me: Schedule an event named Lunch at 1760 for March 1st at 5 pm. The event address is 1760 Polk Street. Correct?
Yup, that all sounds right. Thanks.
Your event was added successfully to your calendar.
Okay, thank you for your help. I truly appreciate it.
Glad to help. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that's all for today. Thank you so much!
My pleasure to serve. Have an excellent day.
I want to go out to eat. Can you help me find a place?
Where are you looking to eat?
I'm looking to go out to eat in SF.
Great. What kind of food are you in the mood for?
Well, I'd really like some Japanese food.
Okay! I've located 10 restaurants that might work for you. One of them, a nice one, is 2g Japanese Brasserie, in San Francisco.
Can you tell me their address? Also, do they feature live music?
No, unfortunately they don't have live music. They are located at 601 Van Ness Avenue.
Sounds very good!
Can I go ahead and reserve a table for you right now?
Yes, please. I'd like a reservation for twelve pm.
Okay, to make sure I've got this right, you want a table at 2g Japanese Brasserie, in San Francisco. You want that for 12 pm, on March 1st, and I imagine you want it for 2 people.
You've got that mostly right. I want it to be on the 8th.
Okay, a reservation for 2 people on March 8th.
Yes, that's just right. Does that restaurant serve liquor? Can you give me their phone number?
They do serve alcohol, and their phone number is 415-292-9997.
Good. Can you put that on my calendar? I want the event set for 11:45 am.
What name would be good to call the event?
Call it Movie show, please.
Okay, I'll confirm with you, you want an event called Movie show, on March 8th, and you want a location of 601 Van Ness Avenue, at 11:45 am.
Everything sounds right to me.
Great. I've put that on you calendar successfully.
Terrific, thanks. That's all I need for now.
I hope you have a wonderful day.
A nice idea came to my mind, I would really love to have a bite somewhere fancy
let me help you to make your wish come true, where do you wanna go?
oakland is fine
have you thought about the type of food you wanna taste? You can have mexican, italian or you name it
I'm in the mood for coffee & light bites
in oakland there are 4 restaurants, homestead is one of them
go to the next place
In oakland there's also Mcdonald's
do you have their phone number? do you know if they sell alcohol?
the number is 510-633-2152 and you can't buy liquor there
I'm still interested so I want you to book a table at half past 6 in the evening
confirm me the data and I'll book your table. you want a spot for 2 at mcdonald's in oakland. You'll be there on march 1st at 6:30 pm
yes, it's exactly what I've asked
I can't book your table, ask me anything else
I want you to do it again but this time see if they have a free table at 5:30 pm
I can try again, just confirm the updated info. You want to book a table for 2 at mcdonald's in oakland. You'll be there on march 1st at 5:30 pm
go ahead. do you happen to know if the prices are inexpensive?
you got your table at mcdonald's and I can confirm you that prices there are inexpensive
thank you for your help, now add this event to my calendar
sure, just tell me the name of the event, the time, and confirm me that the address is 9725 east 14th street
the address is correct, the event is happening at five pm and the name for it is restaurant reservation
confirm me the data I have stored: you want me to add an event to your calendar on march 1st at 5 pm. the name is restaurant reservation and the address is 9725 east 14th street
it's perfectly right
you can see your event added to your calendar now
great! You can turn off now.
Goodbye
Find me a place to eat at?
Do you like American, Indian or some other type of food?
I want some Chinese food.
What city do you want?
Search in SF.
Search revealed 10 locations. Alice's serves Chinese in San Francisco.
That is great.
Do you need more help?
Reserve me a table there.
What time do you want?
I wish to eat at 11 am.
You want a table for 2 at Alice's in San Francisco at 11 am March 1st. Is that right?
That is right.
I can't book that time. Do you need more help?
Try to make it for 12:15 pm.
You want a table for 2 at Alice's in San Francisco at 12:15 pm March 1st. Is that right?
That is right. How can I contact them?
You can contact them at 415-282-8999 and they are inexpensive. I can't book that time. Do you want a table for 2 at Alice's in San Francisco at 12 pm March 1st?
Yes, try that.
Your table is booked.
Add this to my calendar, please.
What time do you want?
Make it for 11:45 am.
What title do you want?
Label it Food.
Shall I use 1599 Sanchez Street as the address?
Yes, that works and make the event time 12 pm.
You want an event labeled Food added to your schedule with the date set for March 1st, the time set for 12 pm and the location as 1599 Sanchez Street, correct?
That is right.
Your calendar has been updated.
Thanks. That is everything.
Have a great day.
I am looking for a place to eat.
What city should I search in and what kind of food are you looking for? You can say Mexican, Chinese or anything else.
I'd like some seafood in Santa Rosa.
I found 3 restaurants for you. The first is Jojo Restaurant & Sushi Bar in Santa Rosa.
Can you suggest some others?
Mariscos El Patron is nice and is located in Santa Rosa.
Yes, that works well. I'd like a reservation on March 10th.
What time do you want it?
Please make it at 19:30.
Please confirm the following: Reserving a table at Mariscos El Patron in Santa Rosa for 2 people on March 10th at 7:30 pm.
Yes, that is correct. How pricey are they and do they serve alcohol?
Your reservation is successful. The price range is moderate and they do not serve alcohol.
Thank you very much, please add it to my calendar.
What name should I use for the event and what time? Is the event happening at 458 B Street?
Yes. Please call it Restaurant reservation for 4 at Mariscos El Patron and the event time is 19:30.
Please confirm the following to be added to your calendar: The event name is Restaurant reservation for 4 at Mariscos El Patron located at 458 B Street at 7:30 pm on March 10th.
The is correct.
It has been added to your calendar.
Thank you for your help, that is all I need.
You're welcome, have a good day.
I am hungry and I am wanting to meet this friend for lunch. Can you find me a place to dine?
What cuisine would you like and what city are you looking into?
I love Spanish food and look for something in Napa.
There is 1 restaurant called La Taberna in Napa.
Yeah that will be good. Book a table at the restaurant.
Could you let me know at what time to make the reservation?
Book it for six in the evening.
Let me confirm that really want to book a table for 2 at La Taberna in Napa at 6 pm on March 1st.
Yeah I confirm and find out if they play live music.
I am so sorry the reservation didn't go through. Shall I be of any other help?
Can you retry reservation for 17:00?
So you want a table for 2 at La Taberna in Napa at 5 pm on March 1st?
Yeah that sounds good.
Your booking is made.
Does that place provide live music and give me their address?
The place which is located at 815 Main Street has no live music.
Thanks a lot. Can you add the Restaurant reservation for 5 at La Taberna as the event title in my calendar?
What timings should I take down for the event?
17:00 is the timing of the event.
So the event is titled Restaurant reservation for 5 at La Taberna and is scheduled on March 1st at 5 pm on the 815 Main Street?
Yeah that is all right.
I have your event added into your calendar.
Thank you very much. That is it.
I hope you have an enjoyable day!
I need to find somewhere to eat.
What city are you in?
I'm in San Francisco.
Is there a particular genre you have in mind?
I could get into Moroccan food.
In San Francisco there is El Mansour.
Is it inexpensive? What about liquor?
No alcohol, but they are prices are moderate.
OK. That's what I need. Please make a reservation.
For what time?
How about 18:00?
To confirm: We have a reservation for 2 at El Mansour in san francisco at 6 pm on March 1st.
I'm good with that. Do you have their address and contact number?
My apologies, I can't get that reservation at this time. Do you need anything else?
Could you try booking that reservation at 12:30 in the afternoon.
To confirm: You want a table for 2 at 12:30 pm on March 1st at El Mansour in San Francisco.
That's great, thanks.
The reservation is confirmed.
I appreciate that. Please ad this to my calendar.
What would you like me to call this? Is it at 12:30 pm at 3119 Clement street?
Great. Use Reservation at El Mansour at 12:15 for the title.
Here are the details I heard: 12:15 pm for March 1st. Reservation at El Mansour at 3119 Clement Street?
Fine I think that's it.
It's on the books.
Fine, you're great.
Have a pleasant time.
I'm searching for a restaurant.
What type of cuisine are you searching for? You may suggest American, Mexican, or something else. What metropolis ought I book in?
I'd like it to be in Union City, and some Southern type of cuisine would be wonderful.
There is a lovely diner called Chaplin's Sports Bistro at Union City.
Where are they located?
Their location is 29200 Kohoutek Way.
Can you tell me your phone number?
Their contact number is 510-429-6860
Can you offer some alternative diner?
There is a lovely diner called Mcdonald's in Union City.
That's fine by me. I'd like to make a booking at a diner for two people on the 14th of this month.
When is the reservation for?
Book it at 6:15 in the evening.
Please verify the following information: a reservation for 2 at Mcdonald's in Union City on March 14th 6:15 pm.
Yeah, that's fine by me. Do they offer alcohol?
They do not offer liquor. I apologize, but I could not make the booking. Should I try to book for 2 people on MArch 14th, 6 pm, at Mcdonald's?
Yeah, that's fine by me.
Your booking is complete.
Is the cost range lavish?
Their cost range is inexpensive.
Thank you for your assistance. I'd like to put this onto my calendar at 18:00.
Is the activity occuring at 27 Union Square? What title ought I put for the activity?
Yeah, That sounds perfect. Use Reservation at McDonald's for the activity name.
Please verify the following information: an event called Reservation at McDonald's at 27 Union Square on March 14th, 6 pm.
Yeah, that sounds perfect.
The activity has been placed onto your calendar.
Thank you for your assistance.
Could I assist you with something else?
Nah. Thank you for your assistance.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
Can you help me to find a good restaurant?
Do you feel like having a specific cuisine like Indian or Chinese?
I want to have some Latin American food in SFO.
There are 8 restaurants based on your requirements in San Francisco and Alegrias is a nice one among them.
Can I get their phone number please?
Their contact number is 415-929-8888.
Do they serve alcohol and do they have live music?
Sorry, they neither serve alcohol nor do they have live music.
That should be okay. I'd like to reserve a table there.
At what time will you be reaching the restaurant?
I'll get there around 11:30.
Reserving a table for 2 at Alegrias restaurant in San Francisco for 11:30 am on March 1st. May I proceed?
That is perfectly correct. Please proceed.
Your table has been reserved successfully.
Can you go ahead and add this event to my calendar with title as Restaurant reservation for 5 at Alegrias, location as 2018 Lombard Street and time as 11:30.
Okay. Adding an event called Restaurant reservation for 5 at Alegrias to your calendar with location as 2018 Lombard Street for 11:30 am on March 1st. Is that correct?
Yes, that sounds right to me.
The event has been added to your calendar.
Thank you for the assistance.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you. That'll be all.
Have a great day!
Can you find me somewhere for me to eat?
I sure can! What kind of food are you feeling?
Ohhh something Taiwanese I think
Okay, and what city shall I look at?
Can you look in San Jose please
Sure. What about the Chef Li in San Jose? That looks nice
Do they serve alcohol?
Unfortunately not.
That's okay, it still looks nice
Do you want me to book you a table?
Yes please, just for one
And what time?
Let's make it 6:45 in the evening
Okay. Just confirming that you want me to book a table for 1 at Chef Li in San Jose, for 6:45 pm on March 1st?
Yes, thanks
Sorry, I couldn't get a table at Chef Li at that time. I can try booking a table for 1 at 7 pm on March 1st?
Yeah that'll be fine
Great, table has been booked for you!
Thank you
Can I do anything else for you?
Yeah, can you stick it in the calendar?
Sure, what time do you want me to put it in for?
Can you put it in for 7 o"clock in the evening?
Of course. And what do you want me to call it?
Can you call is reservation at Chef Li?
Sure, and I'll put the location as 2033 Camden Avenue # F3?
Yes please
Okay, just to make sure I've got everything right: I'll pop an event in your diary called Reservation at Chef Li, we'll put it in for 7 pm on March 1st and put the location as 2033 Camden Avenue # F3?
Perfect!
Great, it's all in there for you
Thank you
Anything else I can do?
No thanks, that was all
Okay, have a lovely day.
Can you cast some music on the kitchen speaker? I like songs by Radwimps.
Which song would you like to hear?
I would like to hear Nandemonaiya.
To confirm: You wish to play the song Nandemonaiya on the kitchen speaker. Is this correct?
Yes it is. Can you tel me what album and year it is from?
It's from the album Your Name and came out in 2016. Enjoy your music.
Can you make a transfer for me?
Certainly. How much is th etransfer and which account should I send it from
Please use my checking account to transfer eight hundred and sixty dollars.
Who shall i send it to?
Please send it to Tom
To confirm:You wish to send $860, from your checking account to the checking account belonging to Tom. Is this correct?
Yes it is
Your transfer is ocmplete.
Thank you. Can you find me a life history movie to watch online?
Yes. There are 4 movies you may like. What about Breakthrough, JT LeRoy or Searching for Sugar Man?
Searching for Sugar Man please. That is all I need thnks
Have a nice day.
I want to play music on my kitchen device. I prefer songs by Nick Murphy. Play No Diggity.
Please confirm: play the song No Diggity on the Kitchen speaker.
That is correct. What genre is the music?
The genre is Electronica. Enjoy the music.
I need to send a transfer to Jerry.
How much would you like to transfer?
I want to transfer 1030 dollars.
What account should I use.
Please use my savings account to send the money.
Please confirm: Transfer $1,030 from your savings account to Jerry checking account.
That is correct.
The transfer completed successfully.
Thanks for the assistance. I want to find a movie to stream.
What type of movies do you prefer?
I prefer Adventure movies directed by Anna Boden.
I found 1 movie. Woudl you like to watch Captain Marvel?
Captain Marvel sounds great. That is all I needed.
Enjoy your day.
I want to cast the song Music Never Sleeps by Jason Chen on the television.
Okay, you want to play Music Never Sleeps on the TV, right?
Yes, that is correct. What album is the song from?
I have started playing the song. It is from the album gravity.
Thank you, I also need to make a bank account transfer.
Do you want to use your checking or savings account?
Let's use my savings account.
Where are you sending money to and what amount do you want to transfer?
I'm sending 1150 dollars to Pranav.
Okay, I'm transferring $1150 from my savings account to the checking account at Pranav, correct?
Yes, that is correct.
I have successfully transferred the money.
Thank you for your help. I also would like to watch a movie online. I like fantasy movies and movies directed by George Miller.
I found 1 movie for you, it is Mad Max: Fury Road.
Mad Max sounds good.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thank you.
Have a great day.
I'm in the mood for some music. Can you play Be My Baby? I always liked Ariana Grande.
Let's confirm: We're playing Be My Baby on the TV.
No, let's play Let Me Love You on the speaker in the kitchen.
Let's confirm: We're playing Let Me Love You on the kitchen speaker.
Yes, that's right. Can you tell me what album it's on and what year it came out?
Okay, the song is playing. It was released in 2016 on the Dangerous Woman album.
Thanks! I also need to transfer some money from my savings account. Let's transfer 970 dollars.
Who should I send the money to?
Let's send it to Tom.
Okay, please confirm: We're transferring $970 from your savings account to Tom in his checking account.
That's correct.
Okay, the money has been transferred.
Thanks for everything.
Can I do anything else for you?
I'd like to watch a movie online.
What kind of movie are you interested in?
How about some non-fiction movies?
What about Breakthrough, JT LeRoy or Searching for Sugar Man?
I really like JT Leroy.
Do you want me to play the movie now?
No, not right now, that's all I need.
Have a great day!
I would like to hear the song Stitches in my bedroom.
You would like me to play Stitches on your bedroom speaker. Is that correct?
Yes. What album is it on?
It's from Handwritten. It will start now.
What is the genre?
It's considered Pop.
Okay. Thank you. I also want to make a transfer from my savings account.
How much and where should I send it?
Please transfer nine hundred and eighty dollars to Abhinav.
To confirm: You would like $980 transferred from your savings account into Abhinav to their checking account.
Yes that's right.
Your transfer is confirmed.
Great. Thanks. Now I'd like to watch the movie Dogman.
You would like to watch Dogman without subtitles. Is that correct?
Yes. What kind of movie genre is it and who is the director?
It's a drama directed by Matteo Garrone. It will start now.
Thank you. That's all I need for now.
Have a great day.
Hi, could you play some Justin Bieber songs for me please?
Sure, which song would you like me to play for you?
I believe there is a song titled Love Yourself.
Yes there is, please confirm your request to play Love Yourself on the TV.
Sure, may I know what is the genre of this song?
This is a pop song. Your songs has been played.
Could you also help me make a transfer?
From which account, how much and to whom would you like to send the money to?
Could you send one thousand seven hundred and eighty dollars to Amir from my savings account?
Sure, please confirm your request to transfer $1,780 from your savings account to the checking account of Amir.
Sure, that is fine to me.
Your transfer has been made.
Could you play a movie on the internet please?
What movie would you like to watch?
Could you play JT LeRoy please?
Sure, please confirm your request to play JT LeRoy without subtitles.
Yes please, may I know what is the movie genre and who directed this movie?
Your movie has been played. This is a Biographical movie directed by Justin Kelly.
Sure, thanks a bunch!
Do you need any further assistance?
No, that is all I need, thank you.
No worries, have a great day!
Can you play a song for me?
Which song would you like to hear?
I'd like to hear Take It Back, on any available device.
To confirm: You wish to hear Take It Back, on TV?.
Yes thank you
Your music is playing
Can you do a bank transfer for me?
Which account should I use, savings or checking? Who is the recipient?
Please send the money to Xiaoxue, from my savings account.
What amount shall I transfer?
Please transfer one hundred and eighty bucks.
To confirm: you wish to transfer $180 to checking account of Xiaoxue, from your savings account. Is this correct?
Yes it is
Transfer is completed.
Can you play a movie on the internet for me?
Of course. Which movie shall I play?
I would like to watch Hotel Mumbai.
To confirm: You wish to watch Hotel Mumbai without subtitles.
No, I changed my mind. Can you play Hackers with subtitles?
Please confirm change: You wish to watch Hackers with subtitles.
Yes that's right
Your movie will start momentarily
Thank you
Is there anyhting else?
No that is all
Enjoy your movie
I want a song from Carly Pearce to start playing.
Is there some specific song you would like to listen?
The song I am looking for is Every Little Thing.
Can you please confirm that you want to listen to Every Little Thing, and the song to be played on TV?
That is what I want.
Your requested song has started playing.
I also want to make a transfer. I want the transfer to be sent to Rachel savings account.
Which is the amount you want to transfer?
I want to transfer 130 dollars.
Do you want the transfer to be from your checking or savings account?
I want the transfer to be made from my savings account.
Can you please confirm that you want to make a transfer of $130 from your savings account to the savings account of Rachel?
Yes, that is what I want.
Your requested transfer has been made.
Now I want to watch a movie on internet.
Do you have a specific movie you would like to watch?
I would enjoy watching Hotel Mumbai.
Can you please confirm that you want to watch Hotel Mumbai without subtitles?
Yes that is correct. Can you tell me who is the director of this movie?
The movie you requested has started playing. The movie is directed by Anthony Maras.
I appreciate it.
Is there something else I can do to help you?
Nothing. I am thankful!
Have a wonderful time!
Play me that song.
What is the name of the song?
The song is called Love Will Remember.
You want to cast the song Love Will Remember to the TV, right?
That is right.
Your song is now playing.
Thanks. I want to send $1,610 to Tom.
Do you want me to open your checking or savings account?
Transfer money out of my checking account to their checking account.
Your want to send $1,610 to Tom from your checking account to his checking account. Is that right?
That is right.
Your money has been transferred.
Thanks. Play a movie online for me.
What is the name of the movie?
Long Shot is the name of the movie.
You want to play Long Shot without subtitles, correct?
That is right. Can you tell me what genre of movie it is and who directed it?
Your movie is playing. It is under the Comedy genre and Jonathan Levine directed it.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need something more?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
I want a song to start playing on my bedroom speaker. The song I am looking for is called Sangria, and it is a song from Blake Shelton.
Can you please confirm that you want Sangria to start playing on your bedroom speaker?
That is not right, because I want to listen to the song on my tv.
Can you please confirm that you want to listen to the song Sangria on TV?
That is what I want. Can you tell me the genre of the song, and the album it is from?
The song you asked for has started playing. The song is considered as a Country song, and it is from the album called Bringing Back The Sunshine.
Now I want to make a transfer from my savings account to Jerry.
Can you tell me how much you want to transfer?
I want to transfer 580 dollars.
Can you please confirm that you want to transfer $580 from your savings account to the checking account of Jerry?
That is what I want to do.
Your requested transfer has been made.
I appreciate your help. Now I want to watch a movie on the internet.
Can you tell me which movie you would like to watch?
I would enjoy watching Sunset.
Can you please confirm that you want to watch the movie Sunset without subtitles?
Yes, I would like that.
Your requested movie has started playing.
Thank you for the help.
Is there something else I can help you with?
Nothing. I appreciate it!
Have a good time!
play the song
what song then?
the story of us
confirm the story of us on tv
yes that is right
speak now album
genre now please
it is pop
send to bob
I wanna transfer
checking 30 dollars
checking $30 to bob checking
yes that works
it went through
I want it on net
what movie then?
madmax works for me
mad max: fury road
yes please
start the movie
thanks a lot
have a nice day
I would like to hear the story of us by taylor swift.
You want to hear the story of us on the tv?
Yes, that's right.
The song has started.
Thanks. I want to make a transfer.
How much would you like to transfer? Would you like it from your checking or savings account?
Transfer 430 dollars from my checking account.
Who would be receiving the money?
I am sending this to Jerry.
You would like to transfer $430 from my checking account to the checking account belonging to jerry?
That is correct.
The transfer is complete.
I want to see Mikey and Nicky online.
You would like to see mikey and nicky without subtitles?
Yes, that would be great.
The movie is playing.
What genre is it and who is the director?
it is a mafia movie directed by elaine may.
Thanks a lot.
Would you need any more assistance?
No, thank you.
Enjoy your day.
Can you play me some music on my kitchen speaker?
What song would you like to hear?
The name of the song is Stage Show.
So you'd like to play Stage Show on your kitchen speaker?
Yeah, that's right.
Alright, the song will start now.
Okay thanks. I need to make a bank transfer too.
Would you like to use the checking or savings account? Who is the transfer too, and how much?
Can you send it to Srinivas? It's from my checking account and it's one thousand four hundred and thirty bucks.
Alright, so you'd like to send $1,430 from your checking to the checking account belonging to Srinivas?
Yeah, that's right.
Alright, that transfer has been completed.
Okay, can you play me a movie now?
Which movie would you like to watch?
The movie is Blackmail - Cinemix Par Chloe.
Alright, you'd like to play Blackmail - Cinemix Par Chloe without subtitles?
Actually, change that, I want to watch Family.
So you'd like to watch Family without subtitles?
Yeah, please.
Alright, the movie is starting.
That's all I need right now.
Have a great day
I want to play the song Shiroyama on my TV. I like songs by Sabaton.
Please confirm: You want to play Shiroyama on TV.
Yes, that is correct.
The song is now playing.
Thanks for that.
Can I help with anything else?
I want to make a transfer.
How much do you want to transfer.
I want to transfer six hundred and forty bucks.
Who do you want to send the money to? Should I use checking or savings account?
I want to send money to Maria from my savings account.
Please confirm: You want to transfer $640 from your savings account to Maria checking account
Yes, that is correct.
The transfer has been made.
Thanks. I would like to watch Dr. Strangelove with subtitles on the internet.
Please confirm: You want to play Dr. Strangelove with subtitles.
No, I want to watch Josie and the Pussycats.
Please confirm: You want to play Josie and the Pussycats with subtitles.
Yes, that is correct.
The movie is now playing.
Thanks for that.
Do you want help with anything else?
No, not right now.
Have a good day.
I would like to play a song.
Which song would you like to play?
The name of the song is Wagon Wheel.
Please confirm that you would like to play the song Wagon Wheel on your TV.
Yes, that's right!
The song has started playing.
I need to transfer money to Jerry.
Please give me the amount you want to transfer.
I would like to transfer 1540 bucks please.
Which one of your accounts do you want me to use for this transfer?
I would like you to use my checking account.
Please confirm you would like to transfer $1,540 from your checking account, and you are transferring to the checking account of Jerry.
Yes, that is correct!
I have successfully made the transfer for you.
Thank you! I would like to watch the movie Stockholm now on the internet with no subtitles please.
Please confirm you would like to watch the movie Stockholm with subtitles.
Actually I would like to watch Gloria Bell.
Please confirm that you would like to watch Gloria Bell with subtitles.
Yes, that is correct!
The movie has started playing.
Can you tell me the name of the director.
Yes, it is directed by Sebastian Lelio.
Can you tell me the kind of movie it is?
Yes, the movie is a comedy.
Thank you! That is all I need for now.
Have a wonderful day!
Play me the song.
What song do you have in mind?
I want to hear If We Have Each Other by Alec Benjamin.
You want to cast the song If We Have Each Other onto the TV?
That is right.
Your song has started.
Thanks. I need to transfer some money.
What account do you want to use and what amount of money are you transferring?
I need to transfer three hundred dollars from my savings account to their savings account.
Whom do you want me to transfer the money to?
Pranav will be receiving my money.
You want to transfer $300 from your savings account to the savings account of Pranav. Is that right?
That is right.
Your transfer is done.
Play me a movie on the web right now.
What movie do you have in mind?
Play me the movie Hellboy.
You want to see the movie Hellboy without subtitles, correct?
That is right.
Your movie is starting now.
Thanks for everything. I don't need anything else.
Have a great day.
I want to listen a song on my television
What song would you like to listen?
I like Get Scared songs, so I want to listen Sarcasm
Play the song Sarcasm on TV. Is it correct?
Yes, It's correct, thanks
The song starts to play!
Perfect! Which album is the song located in? Is it a pop song?
No, It's a Rock song. It's located in album Best Kind Of Mess
Thanks for the info. Now I should make a transfer
From your checking or savings account? How much money do you want to transfer, and to whom do you want to send it?
Please transfer ninety bucks from my savings account to Maria
$90 from your savings account to Maria 's checking account. Do you confirm?
Yes, I confirm, thank you
Your transfer is confirmed
Thanks a lot. Now I'd like to watch the movie Transit on line
Play Transit without subtitles. Is It correct?
Yes, It's correct. Is it a thriller movie? Who is the director of this film?
No, It's a Drama movie and its director is Christian Petzold. The movie starts to play!
Thank you for helping!
Have a nice day!
I want to hear a song.
Which song would you like to hear?
The name of the song is Tous Eipes Pos.
You wish to hear Tous Eipes Pos on TV?
Yes that is correct.
Your song is now playing.
I need to make the transfer in the amount of $1020.
Which account should I use, the checking or savings?
Please send it to Pranav, from my savings account.
You wish to transfer $1020, from your savings account, to the checking account of Pranav.
Yes that is correct.
Your transfer is completed.
Can you play the movie Hellboy on the Internet for me?
You wish to play Hellboy without subtitles?
Guess that is correct.
Your movie is beginning.
Thanks. That is all in the period
Have a nice day.
I want the song
what song then?
Hurricane is the name
confirm hurricane on tv
yes that is right
start playing it
send over $380
who do you wanna send to?
give it to raghav
use checking or savings?
checking works for this
checking account $380 to raghav to checking
yes that is correct
it went through
thanks a lot
what movie then?
watch one called little
little with no subtitles
yes that works
start playing it
thanks a lot
have a good one
can you play a song?
what song?
it's called despacito by karolina protsenko.
you want to play despacito on the tv?
yes. what genre is it? what album is it from?
it's a pop song from the album called my dream.
thank, can you transfer 1,630 bucks from my checking account and send it to abhinav?
you want to sent $1,630 from your checking account and send it to abhinav and his checking account?
yes please
it was successful.
can you play a movie now?
which film?
can you pay the upside?
you want to play the upside without subtitles?
yes
it's playing.
thanks, that's everything.
have a great day.
I would like to hear Fortunately I Met You by Witwisit Hiranyawongkul.
You want to hear Fortunately I Met You on TV, correct?
Yes that is correct.
The song has started.
What genre is it? Which album is it from?
It's a pop song from Quarter.
Thank you very much.
Can I do anything else for you?
I need to transfer some money.
How much will you be transferring? Would you like to use checking or savings and where will it be transferred to?
Transfer eighty bucks to Srinivas from my savings.
Please confirm you want to transfer $80 to the checking of Srinivas from your savings, correct?
Yes that is correct thank you.
Your transfer was successful.
I want to play Red Joan on the internet now please.
You want to watch Red JOan without subtitles, correct?
No I want to watch the Best of Enemies with subtitles.
YOu want to see the Best of Enemies with subtitles, correct?
Yes that is correct. Who is the director and what genre is it?
It is a drama by Robin Bissell. Your movie has started.
Thanks, that is all.
Okay enjoy the film.
I've got a song stuck in my head, can you play it for me?
That depends, which song do you want to hear?
Play me the song Move your body.
You would like me to play Move Your Body on device TV, is that correct?
Yep, that's right.
The song will begin playing momentarily.
Let me make a transfer from my bank account.
Who would you like to transfer the money to?
I need to send my friend Sanuj a few bucks.
How much would you like to transfer, and would you prefer it to come from your checking or savings account?
Transfer 40 dollars from my checking account.
You would like to send $40 from your checking account to the checking account of Sanuj. Is that all correct?
Yes, please make the transfer.
The transfer has successfully been made, it may take a few business days to process.
Awesome, thank you. Can you find me an internet Movie to watch now? I feel like I've gotten all my business squared away.
Is there a particular movie you would like to watch?
Yea, how about Gloria Bell?
You would like to watch Gloria Bell without subtitles. Is that correct?
Yea let's go, do it.
The movie will begin playing momentarily.
Awesome, you're super helpful. Thanks.
You're most welcome. Will that be all?
Yes, that will be all for now.
Okay, enjoy the movie.
Toss on some Ariana Grande.
What song do you want to hear?
Break Free would be great.
Break Free on the TV?
Yes, thats right.
The song is playing now.
Great. Could you also transfer 580 dollars from my checking account to someone's savings?
Sure. Whose savings?
Shoot it to Maria.
$580 from your checking to the savings account of Maria?
Yes. Spot on.
Done. Transfer worked.
Great. Time for a movie. Whats on the web?
What film do you have in mind?
Madmax would be great.
Ok. Mad Max: Fury Road without subtitles. Right.
Correct. Play it.
It is playing.
Great, thanks.
You're welcome. What's next?
Nothing. You just relax.
Will do. Thanks.
Hi, could you play a song titled What Now for me please?
Sure, please confirm your request to play What Now on the TV.
That is fine with me.
Your music is currently being played.
Thank you, could you make a transfer from my checking account to their checking account for the amount of 1,120 bucks?
Sure, who do you intend to send the money to?
Send it to Maria, please.
Please confirm the transfer of $1,120 from your checking account to the checking account of Maria.
Sure, that is fine.
Your transfer has been made.
Could you also help to play an online movie titled Last Dragon?
Sure, please confirm your request to play The Last Dragon without subtitles.
Please help me do so, thanks!
Your movie has been played.
Thank you, that is all I need.
Sure, have a great day ahead!
I want a song to be played on my television. The name of song I am looking for is Instant Regret, because I enjoy listening to Instant Regrets songs.
Can you please confirm that you want Instant Regret to be played on TV?
That is what I want. Can you give me the genre of the song, and the album from where the song is from?
The song you requested has started playing, and it is a Rock song from the Instant Regrets album.
I appreciate it. Now I want to make a transfer from my checking account to their savings account.
To whom you want to send the money to?
I want to make the transfer to Maria.
Which is the amount you want to transfer?
I want to transfer $660.
Can you please confirm that you want to transfer $660 to Maria from your checking account to her savings account.
Alright, that is good.
Your requested transfer has been made.
Now I want to play a movie on the internet.
Can you tell me the movie which you want to watch?
I would enjoy watching Man Who Knew Too Much.
Can you please confirm that you want to watch The Man Who Knew Too much without subtitles?
That is not right, because the movie I want to watch is Sunset, and I want to watch it with subtitles.
Can you please confirm that you want to watch the movie Sunset with subtitles?
Alright, that is what I want.
The requested movie has started playing.
I appreciate it.
Can you tell me something else I can help you with?
Nothing. I appreciate your help.
Have a good time!
I wish to play the song now.
What song do you prefer?
I wish to listen to Royal Beggars and play it on my bedroom.
Kindly ensure that, playing Royal Beggars song in bedroom speaker
Yes. Correct. Do you who sing the song and what is it's genre?
Song is played. It is a Metal song. It is a song of Architects.
Thank you so much. I wish to make a transfer.
How much do you want to transfer?
Please transfer 20 bucks.
To whom the money have to be send?
Send the money to Pranav.
From which account shall I transfer?
Use my checking account.
Kindly ensure that, From my checking account transfer $20 to checking account of Pranav.
Yes. It is correct.
Your transfer is done.
Thank you so much for your help. I wish to search a movie to watch online.
What type of movie do you want to see?
I wish to see Mary Magdalene.
Kindly ensure that, playing Mary Magdalene without subtitles.
No. I wish to see Shazam! with subtitles.
Kindly ensure that, playing Mary Shazam! with subtitles.
Yes. Go ahead.
Movie started.
Thank you so much.
Do you need any other help?
No. Thank you so much.
Have a fantastic day.
I wish to play the song. Broadcast it on my display. I love Kacey Musgraves song.
Which song do you need?
I need the song Slow Burn.
Kindly ensure that, Slow Burn is will play on TV.
Yes. it is perfect.
Song is started.
Thank you so much.
Do you need any other help?
I wish to make a transfer amount from my checking account to savings account of Jerry.
How much to be transferred?
Please transfer 1110 bucks.
Kindly ensure that, $1,110 is transferred from my checking account to savings account of Jerry.
Yes. It is correct.
The transfer is made successfully.
I wish to play the movie on internet now.
What movie do you wish to watch?
Play Mary Magdalene with subtitles.
Kindly ensure that, playing Mary Magdalene without subtitles.
Yes. What type of genre it is? Who is the director?
Movie started. It is a Drama movie directed by Garth Davis.
Thank you so much.
Do you need any other help?
No. Thank you so much.
Have a fantastic day.
Let's play music on the television.
What song would you like to play?
How about Redneck Crazy.
Alright, please confirm you would like to play Redneck Crazy on TV.
Yes, you got it. What album and singer would you prefer?
Tyler Farr Redneck Crazy started playing! Enjoy your selection.
let's send a transfer for 1,460 bucks to Peter.
Which account should I use?
Let's use my savings please.
Please confirm using your savings for $1,460 to Peter. Please send to his checking account please
Yeah.
Your transfer was successful.
I'd like to play a movie off the internet please.
Alright, I can help with that. Which movie would you like to watch?
I wouldn't mind seeing Dogman.
Please confirm your selection of Dogman without subtitles.
Yeah, please play.
Your movie has started playing. Enjoy.
Who's the director?
It's directed by Matteo Garrone.
Thanks, what kind of movie is this?
This is a drama.
Alright, that will be all I need.
Great, enjoy your day.
I would like to listen to a song.
Is there a specific song you want to listen to?
I would like to listen to the song called Burning Man.
Can you please confirm that you want to listen to Burning Man on TV?
Yes, that is what I want.
Your requested music has started playing.
I want to make a transfer of 340 dollars.
Do you want to use your checking account or your savings account for the transfer? To whom do you want to send the money to?
I want to use my savings account for the transfer, and I want to send the money to Srinivas.
Can you please confirm that you want to transfer $340 from your savings account to the checking account of Srinivas?
Yes, that is what I want to do.
Your requested transfer has been completed.
I appreciate your help. Now I want to watch a movie on the internet.
Can you tell me which movie you would like to watch?
I would like to watch Innocent, and I want to watch it with subtitles.
Can you please confirm that you want to watch The Innocent movie with subtitles?
Yes, that is what I want. Can you tell me who is the director of this movie?
Your requested movie has started playing. The movie is directed by SImon Jaquemet.
I appreciate it!
Is there something else I can do to help you?
Nothing. I am thankful for the help you provided to me!
Have a good time!
Play some music.
Which song?
Lost Girls by Lindsey Stirling.
Please confirm: play Lost Girls on tv
Yes. What genre and album is it from?
Playing now. It's house and off of Brave Enough.
Transfer to any account.
What amount?
Send 1490 bucks to Raghav.
From which account?
Checking.
Please confirm: send $1,490 from checking to Raghav in checking.
Yes.
Your money is sent.
Thanks. Play Aftermath online now.
Please confirm: play The Aftermath without subtitles.
Yes. Who directed it?
Playing now. Directed by James Kent.
Genre?
War.
Thanks.
Anything else for now?
Nope.
Have a nice day.
I would like to play the song.
What song do you want?
The song is called Lush Life.
Please confirm Lush Life on TV.
What genre is it? That's correct.
I started playing the pop song.
Would you know its singer?
The song is Zara Larsson.
Thanks. I need to transfer with my savings account to Bob. Send it to their savings.
What is the amount of transfer?
The transfer is $1,720.
Please confirm transfer from savings $1,720 to Bob the savings.
Yes, that is great.
The transfer is a success.
Thanks for the help. I want to play Mary Magdalene on the internet now.
Please confirm Mary Magdalene with subtitles.
Yes, that is good.
I started the movie playing.
What is the name of the director?
The director is Garth Davis.
Thanks, that is all.
Have a great day.
Can you find me some good songs by Anna Kendrick song?
Which song would you like me to play?
Play the song named as Cups.
Please confirm: You want me to play Cups on the TV speaker.
Yes, That works for me.
Your song is playing now. Enjoy the music.
Can you help me in making me a transfer from savings account?
How much fund do you like to transfer?
I would like to transfer one thousand six hundred and sixty bucks.
Can you tell me the name of the person you want to make the transfer to?
I would like to make a transfer of $210 to Tom.
Please confirm: You want me to make a transfer of $210 from your savings account to checking account of Tom.
Yes, That is correct.
I have successfully completed the transfer.
Can you play a movie online for me?
Which movie would you like me to play?
I would like to watch Dumbo.
Please confirm: You want me to play Dumbo without subtitles.
Yes, That is correct.
Your movie is playing now. Enjoy the movie.
Can you find me the category and the director of the movie?
The movie comes under the Fantasy category and is directed by Tim Burton.
That will be all. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a great day!
I am hearing this particular song for days now, I want to play it.
Which song are you talking about?
I wanted to play it on my bedroom. The title of the song is Hyang Giri.
Can you confirm these details? I am going to play Hyang Giri on the bedroom speaker.
That's right. Can you tell me its genre as well as its singer?
I have started playing the song. Its genre is Pop and the singer is Dewa Budjana.
Thank you, I almost forgot that I need to make a transfer.
In which account? Checking or savings? Please tell me who would you like to send money to and how much amount would you like to transfer.
Use my savings account. Please send it to Raghav with the amount of one hundred and forty dollars.
Can you confirm the following details? From savings account, I will transfer $140 to Raghav and send it to his checking account.
Yes, that's right.
You transfer is approved.
I would like to watch a movie from the internet.
Do you have a particular movie in mind?
I want to see The Man Who Knew Too Much, can you find it for me please?
Can you confirm these details? Play The Man Who Knew Too Much.
No, sorry. I have changed my mind. Please play Ramen Shop instead and please include subtitles.
Can you confirm these details? Play Ramen Shop with subtitles.
Yes, that's right.
I will start playing the movie now.
Thank you.
What else can I offer?
Nothing, that's all.
Have a good day.
Will you play the song?
Which song?
Hard Times.
Please confirm Hard Times playing on TV.
Perfect.
Song is starting.
Genre? Which album?
Rock from the album After Laughter.
Thanks. Will you make a transfer of 450 bucks from my checking account to Jerry?
Please confirm transfer of $450 from my checking account to the checking account of Jerry?
Sure.
Transfer is complete.
Will you play a movie on the internet now?
Which movie?
Shine a Light.
Please confirm Shine a Light playing without subtitles.
Fantastic.
Movie is starting.
Genre? Who directed it?
Biographical directed by Martin Scorsese.
That's all.
Have a wonderful day.
I want to listen to a song.
Is there some specific song you want to listen?
I would enjoy listening to Bohemian Rhapsody.
Can you please confirm that you want to listen to Bohemian Rhapsody on TV?
No that is not right, I want the song to be played on kitchen speaker.
Can you please confirm that you want to listen to Bohemian Rhapsody on kitchen speaker?
Yes, that is right. From which album is the song from?
Your requested song has started playing, and it is from the album called Cryptic.
Now I want to make a transfer.
Do you want to user your checking account or your savings account for the transfer? Which is the amount you want to send with the transfer, and to whom you want to send the amount to?
I want to use my checking account for this transfer, and I want to send 1,730 bucks to the savings account of Tom.
Can you please confirm that you want to transfer $1,730 from your checking account to the savings account of Tom?
Yes, that is what I want to do.
Your requested transfer has been completed.
I appreciate your help. Now I want to watch a movie on the internet, and more specifically I am interested in watching the movie Man Who Knew Too Much.
Can you please confirm that you want to watch The Man Who Knew Too Much without subtitles?
Yes, that is what I want. Can you tell me who the director of the movie is, and what kind of movie is it?
Your requested movie has started playing. The movie is directed by Alfred Hitchcock, and it is a Drama movie.
I appreciate it!
Is there something else I can help you with?
Nothing, Thank you!
Have a good time!
I'm in the mood for some music. Can you play Titanium by Madilyn Bailey on any available device?
Let's confirm: Playing Titanium on Tv.
Yes, that's great.
The song is playing.
I also need to transfer some money.
Okay, who would you like to send money to? Should I transfer from your checking or savings account? How much am I sending?
Please transfer 1420 dollars from my savings account to Tom.
Let's confirm the details: From your savings account, we are transferring $1,420 to Tom in his checking account.
Yes.
All set, your transfer is complete.
Thanks for your help. Can you help me play a movie online now?
Sure, which movie should I play?
I'd like to watch Family Funeral.
Let's confirm the details: We're playing A Madea Family Funeral with no subtitles.
Yes, thanks. Who directed the movie and what genre is it?
I've started the movie. This is a comedy directed by Tyler Perry.
Thanks, that's all for now.
Have a great day!
Play the song for me.
Any specific song you want me to play?
Play swish swish for me
Playing swish swish on tv
yes, that works for me
Playing the song now
What is the genre?
It is an electropop song
Which album is it from? who is the singer?
The song is from the album witness by Katy Perry
Thanks, Send a transfer to Raghav as well
what amount should I transfer. Should I use the savings or checking account?
Transfer $1510 from the checking account
Transferring $1510 Raghav checking account from your checking account
Yes, that is correct
Transfer completed successfully
Thanks, Play a movie on the internet as well.
Any movie specifications
YEs, show me citizen kane
Playing citizen kane without subtitles
yes, that is correct
Playing the movie now.
What is the genre and who is its director?
It is a mystery movie directed by orson welles
Okay, thanks!
Anything else I can help with?
No, that would be all
Have a fantastic day!
Can you play me a Alec Benjamin 's songs.
Can you tell me the name of the song you want me to play?
I would like to listen Gotta Be A Reason.
Please confirm: You want me to play Gotta Be A reason on TV speaker.
Yes, That works for me.
Your song is playing. Enjoy the music.
Can you find me the genre and the album of the song?
This is a pop song from Narrated For You.
Thank you so much! I would like to transfer funds from my checking account.
How much fund would you like me to transfer?
I would like to make a transfer of $1670 to Raghav.
Please confirm: You want me to transfer $1,670 from your checking account to checking account of Raghav.
Yes, That is correct.
I have successfully made the transfer.
Thank you so much! Can you play Transit movie now on the internet?
Please confirm: You want me to play the movie Transit without subtitles?
Yes, That is correct. Can you find me the category and the director of the movie?
The movie is playing. The movie comes under Drama movies and the director is Christian Petzold.
That will be all. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day!
do you feel like playing some music for me? I could listen to some frank ocean on my display
can you tell me the title of the song you like?
yes, it's nights
confirm my next process: I'll play nights on tv
yes, I confirm the process. do you know the kind of song this is?
it's known as a pop song and it's already playing just for you
you're so reliable. can you make a transfer for me?
yes, I'm perfectly capable of doing it, you just need to give me some basic info like the amount of money you want me to transfer, if you want to use the checking or savings account and who is the person that will receive the money
withdraw the money from my savings account and have them transferred to jerry' savings account. the amount of money is one hundred and ninety bucks
Before I finalize the transfer, I need you to check carefully the input data. You want to transfer $190 to jerry' savings account, the money will be taken from your savings account
you can transfer the money now
money have been sent to jerry
he will be happy to have them. Now I want you to play a movie for me
what movie?
viva las vegas
confirm me the following: I'll play viva las vegas without subtitles
yes, go on
the movie has started
can you please tell me the name of the director?
it's george sidney
I didn't know, bye for now
enjoy your movies
I'm in the mood for some music. Can you play me a song?
What song would you like me to play?
The song is called Best Shot.
Okay, let's confirm: Playing the song Best Shot on the TV.
Yes, thanks.
Okay, the song is starting.
Thanks. I also need to transfer some money.
How much money should I transfer? What account should I use and who would you like to send the money to?
Please transfer 1020 bucks out of my savings account to Amy.
Okay, let's confirm: You want to transfer $1,020 from your savings account to Amy in her checking account.
Yes, thanks.
Okay, your transfer was successful.
Thanks for doing that. I'd like to watch the movie Stockholm online now.
Okay, let's confirm: You want to play Stockholm with no subtitles.
No, on second thought let's watch Pillow Talk with the subtitles on.
Okay, please confirm: We're playing Pillow Talk with the subtitles turned on.
Yes, thanks. Who directed that movie? And what genre is it?
Okay, the movie is starting. This is a Romance movie directed by Michael Gordon.
Okay thanks. That's it for now.
Have a great day!
I want to hear a song.
What song do you want?
O Father O Satan O sun
Confirm on TV O Father O Satan O sun.
That works for me.
The song is starting.
I need to make transfer too.
Who and savings or checking?
To Raghav with savings.
How much to transfer?
Use Checking to transfer 990 dollars.
Confirm $990 from savings to Raghav to checking.
That works for me.
You are now confirmed.
Play an internet movie now.
What is the movie title?
Watch JT LeRoy .
Confirm no subtitles for JT LeRoy.
That is correct.
Movie is starting.
That is all I need.
Have a great day.
I want to play the song named Hold You.
Okay. So, I should play Hold You on the TV?
Yes, that's right.
I've started the song for you.
Thanks. I need to transfer some money from my savings account to their savings account.
Who will you be sending this money to and how much will it total?
Please send 370 dollars to Abhinav.
Okay. Let me just make sure. You to send $370 from your savings to the savings account of Abhinav.
Yes, that's right.
I have successfully transferred your money.
I want to watch a movie on the internet now. Can you find Pillow Talk with subtitles?
Yes. So, should I start playing Pillow Talk with subtitles now?
Please go ahead. Do you know who directed it and what kind of movie it is?
I just started playing the movie. It's a Romance movie directed by Michael Gordon.
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can do to help?
No, that's all. Thank you.
Have a great day!
I need you to play a song.
Which song do you want to hear?
The song I would like is Cool Girl.
You want to hear Cool Girl on TV, correct?
Yes that is correct thank you.
The song has started.
I need to transfer some cash.
Will you be using checking or savings? How much would you like to transfer and where to?
Use my checking to send 1010 dollars to Amy.
You want to send $1,010 to the checking account of Amy from your checking account, correct?
Yes that is correct.
Your transfer has been made.
Thanks, please play The Aftermath online with subtitles.
You want to watch the Aftermath with subtitles correct?
Yes please. Who directed the movie?
James Kent is the director. Your movie has started.
What type of movie is it?
It's a war film.
Thank you for your help.
Can I help with anything else.
No thank you that is all.
Have a great day.
I want to cast the songs by Hayley Kiyoko in my kitchen.
Do you know what song you wish to cast?
I want to cast Let It Be.
You want to cast Let It Be on the kitchen speaker, correct?
That is right.
Your song has started.
Thanks. I need to transfer money from my checking account to someone's savings account.
Who are you sending money to and what amount?
Send 370 bucks to Srinivas.
You want to send $370 from your checking account to Srinivas in his savings account, right?
That is right.
Your money has been transferred.
Thanks a bunch. Play a movie on the web now for me.
Do you know what movie you want to see?
True Grit is what I want to watch.
You want to cast True Grit without subtitles, correct?
That is right.
Your movie is beginning now.
What genre is it and who directed it?
Joel Coen directed it and it is under the Adventure genre.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need more help?
No, not right now. Thanks.
Have a great day.
Hi, could you help me play Hello My Love with the speaker in the bedroom please?
Sure, please confirm your action to play Hello My Love on your bedroom speaker.
Yes, that will do.
Your music has started playing. Enjoy!
What is the singer of this song?
This is sung by Westlife.
May I know the genre of this song and which album does it belong to?
This is a pop song from their album Spectrum.
I see. Could you make a transfer for me please?
From which account would you like to make the transfer, how much and to whom is the transfer to?
Could you transfer $1,280 to Sanuj from my savings account?
Sure, please confirm your transfer from your savings account in the amount of $1,280 to Sanuj checking account.
Yes, that is fine.
Your transfer has been made.
Thank you, could you play a movie for me now?
Any preference on the movie you would like to watch?
High Life is fine with me.
Please confirm your request to play High Life without subtitles.
Sure, may I know the genre and director of the movie?
Your movie is currently being played. It is a drama movie directed by Claire Denis.
I see, thanks a bunch!
Can I further help you?
No, that is all I need.
Sure, have a great day ahead!
Play High by Sivik on my kitchen device please.
Sure, please confirm playing High on kitchen speaker.
Yes, proceed.
Great, track has started. Please enjoy.
Thanks, I am needing to pull up my savings account and transfer two hundred and forty dollars to Xiaoxue please.
Sure, just to confirm checking or savings?
use my savings account please.
sure, please confirm we are sending $240 from savings to Xiaoxue to their savings.
Yes, that is right.
Your transfer was successful.
thanks for helping me. I'd like to play a movie on the internet right now. Put on Josie and the Pussycats.
Please confirm playing Josie and the Pussycats without subtitles.
Nope, I would rather watch Transit.
Please confirm: playing Transit without subtitles.
Yes, go ahead.
Great, movie has started. Enjoy your movie.
Find out who the director is.
this film is directed by Christian Petzold.
What type of movie is this?
This is a Drama film.
Thank you, Good bye.
your welcome, good bye.
Play the song for me.
What song shall I play?
Play Jesus And Jack Daniels.
You want to cast the song Jesus And Jack Daniels onto the TV, correct?
That is right. Who sings it and what type of song is it?
Your song is starting. Is under the Country genre and Justin Moore sings it.
I need to transfer money to someone's savings account.
What account of yours should I open?
Use my checking account.
Who are you sending the money to?
Send the money to Peter.
How much money do you want to move?
Send him 760 bucks.
You want to send $760 out of your checking account to Peter and into his savings account, correct?
That is right.
The money has been moved.
Play the movie Fighting With My Family with subtitles online for me.
You want to play the movie Fighting With My Family with subtitles, correct?
That is right.
Your movie is starting.
Who directed it?
Stephen Merchant directed it.
What genre is it?
It is under the Sports genre.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need more help?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
I'd like to cast the music.
What music would you like to cast?
The music's title is Fight Song.
Please verify the following information: cast Fight Song on TV.
Yeah, that's right. What is the album and genre?
The music was cast, and it is pop music from the album Fight Song.
Thank you. I must now transfer from my savings account to Tom.
How much do you wish to transfer?
Send 820 dollars to Tom.
Please verify the following information: send $820 from my savings account to the checking account of tom.
Yup, that's right.
Your money was been sent.
I want to play a film on the internet now.
What film do you wish to watch?
I'd like to watch Dogman.
Please verify the following information: cast Dogman with no subtitles.
Nope; I'd like to watch Supa Modo with subtitles.
Please verify the following information: cast Supa Modo with subtitles.
Yeah, please do so.
The film began playing.
Who is the director of the film?
The film's director is Likarion Wainaina.
Thank you for your help.
Could I assist you with something else?
No, thank you for your assistance.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
I want to play the song team by Lorde on the kitchen speaker
Playing team on kitchen speaker.
No, the song is Tennis court.
Okay, playing tennis court on the kitchen speaker.
yes, could you tell me its genre and album
Playing the song now. It a electropop song by Pure Heroine.
Thanks. I also need to make a transfer of fifty bucks
Which account should I make the transfer from
Send money from my checking account to Sanuj
Transferring $50 from your checking account to Sanuj checking account
YEs, that is correct
The transfer is successfully completed
Thanks a lot. I also would like to play a movie on the internet
Any specific movie you would like to watch?
Yes, show me Visitor
Playing movie the visitor without subtitles.
YEs, that is correct.
Playing the movie now
Thanks a lot.
enjoy your movie. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thanks. That would be all.
Have a fantastic day ahead.
Can you play me a song?
Sure, which one?
I'd like to hear Shiroyama.
Can you please confirm that you want me to play Shiroyama on TV.
Yes, that's right and please tell me its genre.
The song's genre is metal and I've started playing it on TV.
Who's performing this song?
The song is performed by Sabaton.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else I could do for you?
Yes, please make a transfer.
Please tell me the amount as well as the account to use: checking or savings?
Transfer $1120 from my checking account.
Who's the recipient.
Please send the money to Tom.
Can you please confirm that you want me to send $1,120 from your checking account to the checking account of Tom?
Yes, that's right.
I've successfully transferred the funds.
Now I'd like to watch a movie.
What movie would you like?
Please play Captain Marvel.
Can you please confirm that you want me to play Captain Marvel without subtitles?
Yes, that's correct.
I've started playing it.
Thank you, that will be all for now.
Have a nice day!
I wish the play the song.
What song do you need to play?
Play the song Latency.
Kindly ensure that, play Latency on TV.
Yes. It is correct. Do you the name of the singer and what is the name of the album?
Song played. It is a song Martin Garrix form The Martin Garrix Experience album.
I wish to make a transfer of $690 to Rachel.
From which account shall I do the transfer?
Use my savings account.
Kindly ensure that, amount of $690 is transferred from savings account to checking account of Rachel.
yes. it is correct.
Your transfer is made.
Thank you so much for your help. I wish to broadcast the movie on the internet now.
What movie do you want to see?
I wish to see Little movie.
Kindly ensure that, playing the movie Little without subtitles.
Yes. Correct. Who is the director of this movie and what type of movie it is?
Movie started. It is a Comedy movie which is directed by Tina Gordon.
Thank you so much.
Do you need any other help?
No. Thank you so much.
Have a fantastic day.
Hello. I want to listen to music.
Any specific song?
Yes. Cheap Smell.
Do you want to hear Cheap Smell on your TV?
No. Through my kitchen device.
Okay. You want to hear Cheap Smell through your kitchen speaker?
Yes, I do.
I started playing the song. Enjoy!
Thanks. I also need to give my friend Abhinav 240 bucks from my checking account.
You want to sent Abhinav $240 from your checking account to his checking account?
That is correct.
I successfully transferred the money.
Great, thanks! I also want to watch a movie on the Internet. Can you play The Curse of La Llorona with subtitles?
You want to watch The Curse of La Llorona with subtitles?
Yes, I do.
I started playing the movie. I hope you enjoy it.
Thank you very much.
Can I offer further assistance?
No, not now. Thank you.
Have a wonderful day.
I'd like to hear a song.
What song should I play?
The song Heartbeat.
Confirming playback of Heartbeat on the TV device.
Yes, thanks. What album is that off of?
It's from the Euphoria album and the song has started.
Thanks. I also need to do a bank transfer.
From checking or savings? And to whom is it going?
It's a checking transfer to Raghav.
For how much?
One thousand one hundred dollars please.
Confirming a transfer from checking of $1,100 to the checking account Raghav.
Yes, thank you.
The transfer is complete.
Okay, I'd also like to watch a movie online.
What film please?
The movie Auntie Mame.
Confirming playback Auntie Mame with subtitles disabled.
Correct. What is the genre and who is the director?
It's a comedy directed by Morton DaCosta, and the movie has started.
Thank you very much.
It is my pleasure.
Please help play a song. I am really in a bad mood.
What genre of songs do you prefer?
I feel like listening to The Water Fountain song.
Please have it check, play the song The Water Fountain on the TV.
Yes, everything is right. I forgot what album it does belong, I used to listen to it when it was first released.
It is from Narrated For You album. The song has started playing at the TV.
Thanks! It soothes my mood. Now I need to make a transfer to a savings account. I promised that I will lend my brother a small amount money.
What do you want me to use?
Please use my savings account too.
Who is the recipient of this transfer and how much would you like to transfer?
Send it to Amy, my brother's wife. Please transfer an amount of $1440. They need to buy a new laptop.
Please do confirm the following details: transfer from your savings account an amount of $1,440 to Amy in their savings account.
That's right.
The transfer has been successful.
Thank you so much! Now I want to watch a movie.
DO you have something in mind?
Yes, I want to watch Josie and the Pussycats. I heard its a good movie.
Please do confirm the following details: you would like to play Josie and the Pussycats without subtitles.
Yes, you got it correctly.
The movie has started playing.
Thanks again! You're such a big help.
Do you need help with anything else?
No,that would be all. Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Play me the song Keep It Mello.
You want to cast the song Keep It Mello to the TV, right?
No cast the song The Message to the bedroom speaker.
You want to cast the song The Message to the bedroom speaker. Is that right?
That is right. Can you find who sings it?
The song is by Still Corners and your song is playing right now.
Transfer some money from my savings account to their checking acdount?
How much money are you transferring and to whom are you sending it to?
Send $630 to Peter.
You want to send $630 from your savings account to the checking account of Peter. Is that right?
That is correct.
The transfer is completed.
Thanks a lot. I want to watch the movie Little on the web now.
You wish to watch the movie Little with subtitles, correct?
That is right.
Your movie is starting.
Thanks a bunch.
Do you need more help?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
do you think you can play a song for me?
Yes, I can totally do that, what song would you like to listen to?
The title is broken and the singer is isak danielson
confirm me what I am about to do: I'll start playing the song broken on tv
yes, it's what I want you to do
The song is playing
I see. While I listen to it, do you think you can make a money transfer on my behalf?
Totally. where do I withdraw the money? Checking or savings account?
checking account is fine
I need to know 2 more things, the amount of money you want to transfer and the name of the person that will receive them
you have to transfer 1050 dollars to xiaoxue
confirm me the transaction: you want me to transfer $1,050 to xiaoxue from your checking account to his checking account
definitely
the transaction is final
Now my request for you is to let me watch a movie on the internet, I was hoping to watch body double with subs
confirm me what I am about to do: I'll play the movie body double with subtitles
Actually, I want to watch the aftermath
okay then, see if I got it right this time, I'll play the aftermath with subtitles
yes, you got it right. While you start the movie, can you tell me the name of the director and the genre of the aftermath?
movie has started and it's directed by james kent. It's a war movie
that's great! Go now.
enjoy your flick
Play the song for me.
What song do you want to play?
Play the song What Now.
You want the song What Now cast to the TV, right?
That is right.
Your song has started playing.
What is the name of the singer and the album that it is on?
It is by Rihanna on the Unapologetic album.
Thanks. I want to send money to Amir and put it in his savings account.
Do you want to send money out of your checking or savings account?
Send 1740 dollars out of my savings account.
You want to send $1,740 to Amir from yoru savings account to his savings account, right?
That is right.
Your transfer is completed.
Cast a movie on the Internet for me.
Do you have a movie in mind?
Teen Spirit is the movie that I want to watch.
You want to play Teen Spirit without subtitles, correct?
That would be correct.
Your movie is starting now.
What genre is it and who directed it?
Max Minghella directed it and is is under the Musical genre.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need more help?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
Play the song for me.
What is the name of the song?
I want to play O Father O Satan O Sun on my display.
You want to cast the song O Father O Satan O Sun onto the TV, right?
That is right. What type of song is it?
It is listed under the Metal category and your song has started.
Transfer some money for me.
Are you using your checking or savings account and how much money do you want to move?
I ant to move one thousand four hundred and eighty dollars out of my savings account.
Where is the money going to?
The money is going to Raghav.
You want to send $1,480 from your savings account to the checking account of Raghav. Is that correct?
That is correct.
Your transaction is done.
Thanks a lot. Play me a movie to watch on the online now.
What movie do you have in mind?
The Man Who Knew Too Much is the movie I want to see.
You want to play the movie The Man Who Knew Too Much with subtitles, correct?
That is right. Who directed it?
Alfred Hitchcock directed it and it is starting now.
Thanks. That is everything I need.
Have a wonderful day.
I heard about this new song that's really good I would like to hear.
What song would you like me to play for you?
I believe the name of the song is On The Loose.
Okay, so you would like me to play the song On The Loose on the TV, correct?
Yes, please.
I've started playing that for you.
Thanks, can you tell me what genre of music it is and the name of the album it is on?
It is a pop song on the album Flicker.
While I already have you helping me can you also help me make a transfer from my savings account to Raghav savings account?
No problem, how much would you like me to transfer for you?
The monthly payment of 1,420 bucks is fine for now.
Okay, I will be sending $1,420 from your savings account to Raghav savings account. Does that sound right?
Yes, that is correct.
I was successfully able to transfer that for you.
Thanks, one more thing. Can you play the movie Innocent from the internet now?
You want me to play the move titles The Innocent without subtitles?
Yes, that would be great.
I've began playing that movie for you.
Okay, thank you.
Is there anything else I can find or do for you?
No, you were very helpful, thank you.
My pleasure, enjoy your movie.
I'd like to find a restaurant
Sure which city?
SF
What type of food interests you?
Izakaya
There are 10 restaurants you might like. How about 2g japanese brasserie in san francisco
Sure, sounds really good
Should I book at table?
Yes for 2 at a quarter to 6 in the evening on the 5th of this month please
Please confirm: a reservation for 2 at 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco at 5:45 pm on march 5th
Correct.
Sorry, this appointment did not go through. How about a 6 pm reservation for 2 on march 5th at 2g japanese brasserie
Sure, please try that.
Ok, your reservation is now complete
Please add this to my calendar
What shall I name it?
Reservation at 2g Japanese Brasserie
What time?
A quarter to 6 in the evening, please
Is this located at 601 van ness avenue?
Yes, that's correct
Please confirm: a 5:45 pm reservation at 2g japanese brasserie is schedule for march 5th at 601 van ness avenue
Perfect, thanks
This event is now added to your calendar
That's for everything. That's all for now.
Enjoy your day
Can you find a place to eat for me?
Yes. What type of food do you prefer? French. American or Indian perhaps?
Seafood is what I would like.
In which city?
In San Francisco.
I found 10 restaraunts. Akiko's Sushi Bar is a nice restaurant located in San Francisco
Do they by chance have live music? What is their location?
Akiko's Sushi Bar is located at 542 A Mason Street. They do not have live music.
Ok, that will work. Can you make a reservation?
Yes of course. What time do you prefer?
Please make it half past 11 in the morning.
To confirm: you wish to reserve a table at Akiko's Sushi Bar in San Francisco, for 2 people on March 1st at 11:30 am. Correct?
Yes that is correct. Do you have their telephone number? Are the expensive do you know?
Your reservation is completed. Their phone number is 415-989-8218. Yes, their price is said to be expensive
Thanks for your help
Is there anything else I can do?
Yes, please make an addition to my calendar for half past 11 in the morning.
What name should I label the event as?
Restaurant reservation at Akiko's Sushi Bar for the event title.
To confirm: You want to ad an event to your calendar for March 1st, 11:30 am at 542 A Mason Street., called Restaurant reservation at Akiko's Sushi Bar. Is this correct?
Yes it is
Addition to calendar is ocmplete
Than you
Is there anything else?
No that is all for now
Have a nice day
I am looking fora Parisian restaurant in Ross.
There is 1 option. Marche Aux Fleurs is a restaurant in Ross.
Is there live music there? What's their address?
They're located at 23 Ross Common Box 793 and do not have live music.
Yes. That is correct.
Can I book a table for you?
Yes. Please book a table for two.
For what time?
Please book for 11:30 in the morning.
Please confirm you want me to book a table for 2 on March 1st at the Marche Aux Fleurs in Ross at 11:30 am.
Yes. Confirmed. Is liquor served there and are the priced above average?
They are an expensive restaurant and serve alcohol. Your table reservation was a success.
Please add this to my calendar at 11:15 in the morning.
What should I name the event?
Name the event Restaurant reservation for 5 at Marche Aux Fleurs.
Please confirm you want me to add the event named Restaurant reservation for 5 at Marche Aux Fleurs on March 1st at 11:15 am at 23 Ross Common Box 793.
Yes. That is correct.
The event was successfully added.
Thanks for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. That's all.
Okay. Have a wonderful day.
I will be meeting with some friends and we need to find a place to eat. Look for something that sells Indian food, the price range doesn't matter.
Where do you want to look for?
Look in Livermore.
There is Caraway Indian Cuisine in Livermore.
What other restaurants are there?
There is also Sansar Indian Cuisine in Livermore.
Sure, that one sounds good. Please book a table at seven in the evening next Friday.
Please confirm: Booking a table for 2 people at Sansar Indian Cuisine in Livermore on March 8th at 7 pm.
No, we will be four people. And make it for March 3rd.
Please confirm: Booking a table for 4 people at Sansar Indian Cuisine in Livermore on March 3rd at 7 pm.
That is correct.
The table has been booked.
How can I contact them?
Their phone number is 925-606-6191.
Perfect, I also want to add it to my calendar.
Under what name do you want to add it?
Save it as Food.
At what time do you want to make the event? Do you want to make it at 2220 First Street?
Yes, there is okay. Make it at evening 6:45.
Please confirm: Adding Food to the calendar on March 3rd at 6:45 pm at 2220 First Street.
Yes, that is correct.
The event has been added.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that would be all.
Have a great day.
i am very much fond of eating outside food. find a good place to eat?
in which city should i search for? what kind of food are you looking for?
i want the food in san francisco and i like chinese kind of food.
how about alice's restaurant located in san francisco.
whether any other restaurant available? i am looking for something bargain priced.
i found 9 restaurants. how about Bamboo restaurant which is located in san francisco?
whether any other restaurant available in santa rosa?
how about mei-don chinese cuisine located in santa rosa?
ok thats suits me.
whether i need to find any other thing?
book a table in a restaurant?
what time is the reservation need to be made?
i need it at 7 in the evening.
please check and confirm the following details. book a table at mei-don chinese cuisine. the city is santa rosa. the reservation is at 7 pm and the reservation is for 2 people and the date is march 1st.
ok that works for me. whether they serve liquor?
reservation is successful. they do not serve alcohol.
thanks a lot and i would like to add this to my calendar.
is the event happening at 6576 oakmont drive? what is the time for the event and what name should i use for the event?
ok that sounds good. put restaurant reservation for 6 at mei-don chinese cuisine for the event title. the event time is marked as 7 in the evening.
please confirm the following details. the event name is restaurant reservation for 6 at mei-don chinese cuisine . the scheduled date for the event is march 1st. the location of the event is 6576 oakmont drive. the scheduled time is 7 pm.
ok thats great
the event to your calendar is successfully added.
thanks for your help.
whether i need to find any other thing?
no, thanks for your help.
take have a great day
vacaville sichuan food
wah shine in vacaville
yes that works
what time do you want it for?
half past 1 in the afternoon on the 11th
confirm wah shine vacaville 1:30 pm for 2 people march 11th
is there liquor?
it went through
I wanna add to calendar
145 peabody road
restaurant half past 1 in the afternoon
restaurant march 11th 145 peabody road for 1:30 pm
yes that works
added to calendar
thanks a lot
anything else then?
no thank you
have a good one
I'm look for a food joint.
In what area?
In SF please.
Are you looking for Mexican, Chinese or something else?
Is there a fancy burger place?
1760 is a restaurant in San Francisco.
Okay. That one is good.
Should I book a table?
Yes. Book a table for one at evening 6:30.
Please confirm you want to book a table for 1 at 1760 in San Francisco on March 1st at 6:30 pm.
Yes. That's right.
Your booking was a success.
Thanks. Please add to my calendar. The title is Lunch at 1760 and the location is 1760 Polk Street.
For what time?
For evening 6:30.
Please confirm you want me to add the event with the title Lunch at 1760 on March 1st with a location of 1760 Polk Street at 6:30 pm.
Yes. Sounds right.
The event has been successfully added.
Thanks so much. That will be all for today.
Okay. You're welcome. Goodbye.
I would like a moderate priced Oriental place to eat.
Where are you looking?
I'm looking in Oakland.
The Battambang Restaurant is one of 5 found in Oakland.
That will work.
I can book a table if you like.
I would like that.
Do you have a time preference?
I prefer quarter to 1 in the afternoon.
I will reserve a table for 2 March 1st at 12:45 pm at the Battambang Restaurant in Oakland with your permission.
Permission granted. I also need to know if they serve booze and a contact number.
They do not have liquor on the menu. You can reach them at 510-839-8815 but your reservation was not available. I can try to reserve a table for 2 March 1st at 1 pm at the Battambang Restaurant if you like.
That would be nice.
Your table is reserved.
Add the reservation to my schedule.
I have the event happening at 850 Broadway but I need a time.
The location is right. The time is in the afternoon 12:30.
What shall I call the happening?
Put Restaurant reservation for the title.
On March 1st at 12:30 pm I will put Restaurant reservation at 850 Broadway is that is right?
That's exactly right.
The reservation is on your schedule.
You're a great help.
What else can I do for you?
I'm all set for now, thanks.
See you later.
I am searching for eating place and want some fish kind of food
Do you have any choice of city for me to look in?
I need it in Castro Valley
There is a nice Restaurant called DIno's Restaurant in Castro Valley
Fine and i need to book at a restaurant
What booking time you need?
I need it at quarter past 5 in the evening on March 12th
Please give confirmation details: Booking a table for 2 people at Dino's Restaurant at 5:15 pm on March 12th in the city of Castro Valley
No, i require it on March 14th
Please give confirmation details: Booking a table at 5:15 pm on march 14th
That is fine
Sorry i failed to make a reservation. Dino's Restaurant is a nice restaurant and please try booking for 2 people on March 14th at 5:30 pm
That is fine
Your booking is done
Thank you. Like to add this to calendar. The event is at half past 5 in the evening and location is at 20390 Lake Chabot Road
What is your preferred name for the event?
You can put Restaurant reservation as the title for the event
Please give confirmation details: The event is restaurant reservation on March 14th at 20390 Lake Chabot Road at 5:30 pm
That is fine
Event is added to calendar
Thank you very much
Have a nice day
I'd like moderate priced latin american restaurant
Sure, which location are you planning to eat in?
Sonoma
La casa is a great sonoma restaurant
Ok, that works. Please book a reservation.
Sure, what time would you like?
evening 7:30 on the 13th
Please confirm: a 7:30 pm reservation for 2 at la casa in sonoma on march 13th
Perfect, what's their number?
This reservation is complete and 707-996-3406
Is there live music and liquor?
No, there's no live music or liquor
Ok, thanks. Please add this to my calendar.
Sure, what shall I label this event? Also, will this event be located at 121 East Spain Street? And what time?
Yes, that's the location. It starts evening 7:30 and call it reservation at la casa
Please confirm the event: A 7:30 pm event named reservation at la casa is schedule on march 13th at 121 east spain street
Perfect, thanks
This event is successfully added to your calendar
Great, thanks.
May I help you with something else?
Nope, that's all
Enjoy your day
Will you find a restaurant?
Which city? Kind of food?
Freshwater fish in SF.
I found 10. Akiko's Sushi Bar is in San Francisco.
Fantastic.
Reserve a table?
Yes.
What time?
11:15 for one.
Please confirm a table for 1 at Akiko's Sushi Bar in San Francisco on March 1st at 11:15 am.
Perfect.
I could not complete the appointment. Try a table for 1 at Akiko's Sushi Bar on March 1st at 11 am?
Fantastic.
I've made your appointment.
Will you add it to my calendar?
Name and time of event?
Restaurant reservation at Akiko's Sushi Bar at eleven in the morning.
Is location at 542 A Mason Street?
That's right.
Please confirm Restaurant reservation at Akiko's Sushi Bar on 542 A Mason Street on March 1st at 11 am.
Fantastic.
I've added the event to your calendar.
Thanks.
Anything else?
That's all.
Have a wonderful day.
I'm going on a date and want to take her to dinner. Can you look up places to eat?
Sure, where at and what kind of food?
Somewhere with Sichuan food in South San Francisco would be perfect.
Ok, it looks like King Sun Buffet is a popular Sichuan restaurant in South San Francisco. How about that?
Yeah, that sounds good.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, can you make it for 19:30 on March 11th?
Sure. To confirm, you want to make a reservation for 2 people at King Sun Buffet in South San Francisco at 7:30 pm on March 11th. Is that right?
Yes, that's perfect. What's their address?
I've made your reservation. They're at 245 South Airport Boulevard.
Cool. Do they have live music?
No, unfortunately not.
Ok, that's fine. Can you add this to my calendar also? Just name the event Eat.
Ok, what time do you want me to add it under?
Just put it at 19:30.
No problem. To confirm, you want to add the event Eat at 245 South Airport Boulevard on March 11th at 7:30 pm. Is that right?
Yes, that's right.
Ok, it's been added to your calendar.
Great, thanks for your help.
Sure, anything else I can help with?
No, that's all. Thanks.
No problem. Have a good day.
I'm hungry find places to eat please.
What city will I be searching? Do you know what kind of food you are in the mood for?
I'm wanting some French cuisine in San Fran please
I've located 10 restaurants for you. Starting with Amelie San Francisco is supposed to be pretty good and it's located in San francisco.
Yeah, that will work. Help make the booking please.
Sure, I can do that, but first tell me what time you would prefer.
How about a quarter to 5 in the evening.
Please confirm a booking for 2 at Amelie San Francisco at 4:45 pm on March 1st in San Francisco. Do I have the details correct?
Yes, please proceed.
I do apologize, I was unable to book this table for you. May I suggest booking for March 1st at 5 pm for 2 people at Amelie San Francisco?
Yes please book that.
Great news, I was able to book this slot for you!
Great, thank you. I am going to want to add this booking to my calendar so I don't forget. Please update my calendar at five pm for Reservation at Amelie San Francisco at 1754 Polk Street.
Sure, I can do that. Please confirm we are updating our calendar at 5 pm on March 1st titled Reservation at Amelie San francisco at 1754 Polk Street. Is that correct?
Yes, perfect. thanks.
Great, calendar has been updated.
Thank you.
your welcome, can I assist you with anything else?
nope, Good bye.
Alright, good bye.
Hi, could you help me search for places to eat please?
Any preference on the type of food, such as Mexican or American food?
Something at a Diner will do. Thanks!
Any preference on the dining location?
Sure, something in San Rafael is fine.
There are 4 available restaurants, one of which is Bj's Restaurant & Brewhouse lcoated in San Rafael.
Are there any alternatives in San Fran?
Yes there are 10 available restaurants in San Francisco, one of which is called 1760.
Do you know if they have live music played?
No, they do not.
What a pity, but I am fine with that.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, could you make one for 4 at 19:30 on March 12th for me?
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 4 people at 1760 in San Francisco at 7:30 pm on March 12th.
Sure, that is fine with me.
Your reservation has been made.
Thank you so much, could you add this event to my calendar titled Lunch at 1760 with the location set at 1760 Polk Street and start time at 19:30.
Sure, please confirm the adding of your event to your calendar titled Lunch at 1760 with the location set at 1760 Polk Street and start time at 7:30 pm on March 12th.
Yes, that is fine with me.
Your event has been added.
Thank you for your kind assistance.
Do you require further assistance then?
No, that is not necessary, thank a bunch!
Sure, have an enjoyable lunch.
I am searching for a place to eat. I wish to have Pizza and Pasta type of food with afforadable price.
In which city shall I search in?
I want it in Dublin.
I searched and found 2 restaurants. Berevino Cucina & Wine Bar is a great restaurant at Dublin.
What is their contact number and address?
Their contact phone number is 925-361-0862 and their address is 4590 Dublin Boulevard.
Please find some other restaurant.
Tomatina is a great restaurant at Dublin.
Yes. it is good for me.
Shall I book a table there?
Yes. Please go ahead.
When will you need the reservation?
I need it for 2 persons. Book it at 6:30 pm.
Kindly ensure that, on March 1st, reservation has been done for 2 persons at Tomatina in Dublin at 6:30 pm.
Yes. it is good for me.
Your booking is done.
Thank you so much.
Do you need any other help?
Please include it in my calendar.
In what name shall I include the event? What is the time of the event? Is it at 4590 Dublin Boulevard?
yes. it is good. Use Lunch at Tomatina as a title and its time is 6:30 pm.
Kindly ensure that, on March 1st, the event Lunch at Tomatina in 4590 Dublin Boulevard at 6:30 pm.
It is good.
Even has been added to the calendar.
Thank you so much for your help.
Do you need any other help?
No. Thank you so much for your help.
Have a fantastic day.
I need to find somewhere to eat for this date. Can you look up some not very costly restaurants with Ramen for me?
Sure, in what city?
We'll just be in SF.
Ok, I found 10 restaurants with Ramen in San Francisco. How about 2g Japanese Brasserie?
Do they serve alcohol?
Yes, looks like they do.
Ok, that should work then. Can you make a reservation for me?
Sure, for what time?
I think 6 in the evening should work.
Ok. To confirm, you want to make a reservation for 2 people at 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco on March 1st at 6 pm. Is that right?
Yes, that's good. Do they have live music by any chance?
I've made your reservation. They don't have live music.
Ok, that's fine. What's their phone number and address?
Their number is 415-292-9997 and they're at 601 Van Ness Avenue.
Ok, thanks. Can you also put this on my calendar for 17:30?
Sure, what should I call the event?
You can just put Restaurant reservation for 6 at 2g Japanese Brasserie for the title.
Ok. To confirm, you want to add Restaurant reservation for 6 at 2g Japanese Brasserie located at 601 Van Ness Avenue to your calendar for March 1st at 5:30 pm. Is that right?
Yes, that's right.
Ok, I've added the event.
Great, thanks for your help. That's all.
Sure, have a good day.
Is there a place to eat you can recommend?
Do you like Mexican, American, or another type of cuisine, and where are you looking for restaurants?
Find me a restaurant in Oakland that serves southern food.
In Oakland, you can visit the Chop Bar.
Anything else you can recommend?
How about Duchess Oakland, it is also in the city of Oakland?
Would you say the price range at this place is lavish?
No, their price is moderate.
Anything else you can find?
You may be interested in Flora, it is a nice restaurant in Oakland.
That works for me, make a reservation at this restaurant.
At what time will you be arriving?
I will arrive at evening 7:30.
You wish to book a table at Flora for 2 on March 1st at 7:30 pm, this is its location in Oakland correct?
That works for me, do they serve liquor and what is their price range?
The price range is expensive, they do not serve alcohol, and the reservation has been made.
Can you add this event to my calendar, it is located at 1900 Telegraph Avenue?
How should I name this event?
Just name it as Eat.
At what time will the event be set for?
Set it at evening 7:30.
There will be an event named Eat set on March 1st at 7:30 pm at 1900 Telegraph Avenue, right?
That sounds right, thanks.
The event has been added to your calendar.
Thanks for the help, that is all I needed.
Have a good day, enjoy your dinner reservation.
My friend is coming over later and I need to find somewhere for us to eat. Can you look up restaurants for me?
Sure, where at and what kind of food?
Some kind of Pizza and Pasta place in Santa Rosa would be nice.
Ok, I found 10 restaurants in Santa Rosa that you might like. How about Basilico?
Are they average priced and what's their number?
Yes, their price range is moderate. Their number is 707-539-0260.
Great, that sounds perfect. Can you make a reservation for me?
Sure, for what time?
17:30 should work.
Ok. To confirm, you want to make a reservation for 2 people at Basilico in Santa Rosa on March 1st at 5:30 pm. Is that right?
No, actually, I'll probably invite a couple other people so make it for 4 people.
Ok. To confirm, you want the reservation to be for 4 people at 5:30 pm. Is that right?
Ah, no, actually, can you change it completely to 1:30 pm on the 7th of March?
Sure. To confirm, you want the reservation on March 7th at 1:30 pm. Is that right?
Yes, that's right. Do they have live music and what's their address?
I've made your reservation. They don't have live music, and their address is 4776 Sonoma Highway.
Ok, that's fine. Can you add this event to my calendar for 1:30 pm that day?
Sure, what should I call the event?
You can just put Eat for the title.
Ok. To confirm, you want to add the event Eat to your calendar at 4776 Sonoma Highway on March 7th at 1:30 pm. Is that right?
Yes, that's fine.
Ok, the event has been added.
Great, thanks for your help.
Sure, anything else I can do?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Sure, have a good day.
I need to find a restaurant.
What type of food?
I'm looking for barbecue.
In which city?
I'm looking in Petaluma.
There are 6 options. Bistro 100 is a restauarant in Petaluma.
Are they lavish?
They're actually in the moderate price range.
Find me a different bistro restaurant.
There is 1. The Wild Goat Bistro is also in Petaluma.
Okay. Please book a table there.
For what time?
For 11:30 in the morning please.
Please confirm you want me to book a table for 2 on March 1st at the Wild Goat Bistro in Petaluma at 11:30 am.
It's actually for three people at half past 5 in the evening.
Please confirm you want me to book a table for 3 at 5:30 pm.
No. It's actually only for one.
Please confirm you want me to book a table for 1 at the Wild Goat Bistro.
Yes. That's right.
The reservation was not successful. Is a table for 1 at 5 pm at the Wild Goat Bistro on March 1st okay with you?
Yes. That is perfect.
Your reservation was successfully booked.
Please add this to my calendar.
What should I name the event and will it be occurring at 6 Petaluma Boulevard North?
Yes. Please name the event Reservation at Wild Goat Bistro.
At what time is the event taking place?
The event starts at 5 in the evening.
Please confirm you want me add the event with the title Reservation at Wild Goat Bistro on March 1st at 5 pm taking place at 6 Petaluma Boulevard North.
Yes. That's right.
The event has been successfully added.
Thanks so much.
Is there anything else?
No. Thanks. That's all.
Please enjoy your day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to eat in San Francisco.
What type of food are you interested in? For example you can say Chinese, Italian or anything else too.
I'd like to go eat some Diner style food.
There are 10 matching restaurants, How about 1760 in San Francisco?
Do they have live music there?
No, they do not have live music.
Sounds good to me, I'd like to make a reservation.
What time would you like the reservation for?
I'd like to go there in the evening 4:45.
Okay, please confirm your reservation for 2 at 1760 in San Francisco on March 1st at 4:45 pm.
Yeah that all sounds good. What are the prices like there? Can you give me their phone number?
Unfortunately I was unable to make the reservation at 1760. The price range is expensive, their phone number is 415-359-1212. Would you like me to try and reserve a table for 2 on March 1st at 5 pm?
Yes please try again.
The reservation was successful.
Awesome thanks, can you add this to my calendar.
Is the event taking place at 1760 Polk Street?
Yeah.
What would you like to name the event and at what time will it be?
Call it Reservation at 1760 and lets set the time for 4:30 in the evening.
Okay so new calendar event named Reservation at 1760 taking place at 1760 Polk Street scheduled for March 1st at 4:30 pm. Is this correct?
Yup thats right.
The event was added to your calendar.
Thanks for the help thats all I needed.
You're welcome.
I will be meeting with a friend later on. Is there any goo restaurant in SF we can go to?
What type of cuisine do you want to eat?
Look for something that sells Japanese.
There are 10 restaurants you might like. There is 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco.
Sure, that one sounds good.
Do you want to book a table?
Yes, please book it.
At what time do you want to book it?
Make the reservation for morning 11:30
Please confirm: Booking a table for 2 people at 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco on March 1st at 11:30 am.
That is correct.
The table has been booked.
I also want to add it to my calendar.
Under what name do you want to save it?
Save it as Movie Show.
At what time do you want to save it? Is the address 601 Van Ness Avenue?
Yes, that is the address. Make the event at 11 in the morning.
Please confirm: Adding Movie show to calendar on March 1st at 11 am. The event is taking place at 601 Van Ness Avenue.
That is correct.
The event was added successfully.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that would be all.
Have a great day.
I want to eat out.
In which city? Would you like indian, mexican or another type of food?
I want to eat tacos in sonoma.
La casa is a lovely restaurant in sonoma.
That would be great.
Would you like to reserve a table there?
Yes. Go ahead and make the reservation.
At what time?
For seven pm.
You would like a table for 2 at la casa in sonoma at 7 pm on March 1st?
That would be great. Is there any live music?
I have made the reservation. There would be no live music.
Add this to my calendar: restaurant reservation at 121 east spain street for seven pm.
You would like to schedule a restaurant reservation at 121 east spain street for march 1st at 7 pm?
Yes, that would be great.
I have added the event to your calendar.
Thanks a lot.
Would you need anything else?
No. Thanks very much.
Enjoy your day.
I want a place to eat.
In which city?
In Milpitas please.
What type of food?
Just some coffee & light bites will be great.
There is 1 option. Honey Thai Restaurant is in Milpitas.
Where are they located and are their prices extravagant?
They're in the moderate price range and are located at 57 North Milpitas Boulevard.
Okay, that's great.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. Please book a table.
For what time?
11:30 would be perfect.
Please confirm you want me to book a table for 2 on March 1st at the Honey Thai Restaurant in Milpitas at 11:30 am.
Yes. Is liquor served there?
There is no liquor served there. Your table was successfully booked.
Thanks Please add this to my calendar. Title Reservation at Honey Thai Restaurant and time 11:30.
Please confirm you want me add the event titled Reservation at Honey Thai Restaurant on March 1st at 57 North Milpitas Boulevard at 11:30 am.
Yes. Thanks a lot.
Your event was added successfully.
Thanks. That will be all.
Okay. Have a wonderful day.
I'm super hungry. Can you help me find a nice place to eat?
No problem. Which city would you like to search in?
Find me a nice place in Santa Clara please.
Sure thing. Just let me know what type of food your in the mood for. Say something like Mexican, Indian or another type of food you want.
I could really go for a Burrito right now. How about some Mexican food?
I've found 5 restaurants for you. How about El Amigo Burrito? It's in Santa Clara and I hear they have amazing burritos.
Sounds interesting. What's the phone number? Can you tell me if they serve alcohol or not?
Yes, they serve liquor. Their number is 408-248-3113.
Okay, that sounds good to me.
Would you like to go ahead and make a reservation?
Yes I would. Make a reservation for 3 people at afternoon 1:45 this Sunday.
No problem. Please confirm the following: Booking a table for 3 at El Amigo Burrito in Santa Clara for 1:45 pm on March 3rd. Is this information correct?
Yes, that all sounds perfect.
I'm sorry but I was unable to book a table at El Amigo Burrito for that time. How about a reservation for 3 at 1:30 pm on March 3rd instead?
Okay, that works for me.
Okay, I have completed your reservation. Anything else?
Yes, I want to add this to my calendar. Please put the location 4485 Stevens Creek Boulevard on my schedule.
No problem. What time do you want to mark this down for? And what title should I give this event?
Name the event Restaurant reservation for 3 at El Amigo Burrito, and mark it down for 1:30 pm. Thanks.
Okay, just confirm a few things for me. Place the event titled Restaurant reservation for 3 at El Amigo Burrito on our schedule at 1:30 pm on March 3rd. The location is at 4485 Stevens Creek Boulevard. Is this correct?
Yeah, that all sounds good to me.
Okay, your event has been successfully added to your calendar.
Great, thanks for the assist. That's all for today.
My pleasure. Have an excellent day.
I am searching for a restaurant; specifically something bargain priced. I'd also like some freshwater fish type of food.
What metropolis ought I look in?
I'd like to search in Cupertino.
I discovered 1 diner. There is a lovely diner called Rubio's Coastal Grill in Cupertino.
Do they offer alcohol?
They do offer liquor.
Where are they located, and do they offer live songs?
They are located at 20688 Stevens Creek Boulevard, and they do not offer life songs.
yeah, that's perfect for me.
Do you wish to book a seat there?
Yeah, I'd like to book for three people.
When is the booking for?
Book it at quarter to 7 in the evening.
Please verify the following information: a booking for 3 people at Rubio's Coastal Grill in Cupertino on March 1st, 6:45 pm
Nah. I'd like to book on the 13th of this month.
Please verify the following information: a booking for 3 people on March 13th.
Yeah, that's fine by me. Can you tell me their phone number?
Their contact number is 408-861-0105. I apologize, but I could not make the booking. should I attempt to book for 3 people at Rubio's Coastal Grill on March 13th at 7 pm?
Yeah, that's fine by me.
Your booking is complete.
I want to put this to my calendar.
When is the activity, and what name ought I use for the ativity?
Use Restaurant reservation at Rubio's Coastal Grill for the activity name, and it will be at 7 pm.
Please verify the following information: an activity called REstaurant reservation at Rubio's Coastal Grill at 20688 Stevens Creek Boulevard on March 13th, 7 pm.
Yeah, that sounds fine.
The activity has been placed onto your calendar.
Thank you for your assistance.
Could I assist you with something else?
No, thank you for your assistance.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
I'm looking for an average priced place to eat fusion food.
In which area?
In SFO please.
El Valenciano is a restaurant in San Francisco.
What's their contact number?
Their contact number is 415-826-9561.
Is there live music there?
Yes. There is.
Okay. That one sounds good.
Should I book a table for you?
Yes. Please book a table.
For what time?
For 11 in the morning.
Please confirm you want me to reserve a table on March 1st at El Valenciano in San Francisco at 11 am for a party of 2.
No. Make it on March 14th.
Please confirm you want me to reserve a table on March 14th at El Valenciano.
Yes. That's perfect.
Your table reservation was a success.
Do they serve liquor and do you have their address?
Alcohol is served there. Their address is 1153 Valencia Street
Thanks. Please add to my calendar at 11 in the morning the event titled Restaurant reservation at El Valenciano.
Please confirm you want me to add an event with the name Restaurant reservation at El Valenciano on March 14th at 11 am taking place at 1153 Valencia Street.
Yes. That is correct.
The event was successfully added.
Thanks for everything.
Is there anything else?
No. Thanks for everything.
Please have a great day. Goodbye.
I need to find a place to eat please.
In which city should I check.
I need something economical in Petaluma please.
What type of food do you want to find?
Dumplings would be fabulous.
How about City chopsticks in Petaluma?
Yes that would be great. Can you make me a reservation please?
WHat time would you like to reserve a table?
Try to reserve a 1 pm table please.
You want a table for 2 at City Chopsticks at 1 pm in Petaluma on March 1st, correct?
Yes that is correct. Do they have liquor?
They do not serve liquor. Your reservation is made.
Thanks. Please add it to my calendar as eat at 12:45 in the afternoon.
Would you like the address at 127 North McDowell Boulevard?
Yes that is correct.
You want to add Eat on March 1st at 127 North McDowell Boulevard at 12:45 pm, correct?
Yes that is correct.
Your event has been added.
Thank you for your assistance.
What else can I help with?
That's all thanks.
Okay, enjoy your day.
I want to eat out side for once and I need your help to find some good places to eat? Can you help me?
Yes, what about your favorite food that you want me to search? Can you tell me the one like Chinese, Italian or any other type?
I like to eat some Japanese food and I want to search for same in some nice restaurants. Find me the best one.
Do you have any particular City in your mind to search for this food?
Yes, I want to have them in San Francisco.
What about your opinion on 2g Japanese Brasserie restaurant which is the best one I think in San Francisco.
That is the perfect place and I want the same. Thanks.
Shall I book a table there for you?
Yes, make a booking for me.
Let me know your convenient time to book the table.
I want to book it at evening 6:30 and is for 2 persons.
Please confirm to book a table for 2 at 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco on March 1st for the time 6:30 pm.
That is confirmed to proceed and also check whether they will supply liquor in their restaurant.
Yes, they will supply liquor and your reservation for the table was confirmed successfully.
Thanks for that information. I want to add a new event to my calendar at particular time. I want your help to do this.
Do you want me to add the event which is going to be happened at 601 Van Ness Avenue and at what time you need to note the same?
The event address is correct and please note it at the time evening 6:30.
In Which name you want to note this event to your Calendar?
Make it in the name Reservation at 2g Japanese Brasserie.
Please confirm to note an event in the name Reservation at 2g Japanese Brasserie on the date March 1st at the time 6:30 pm and the location as 601 Van Ness Avenue.
Yes, that is correct. Please note the same in my calendar.
I have successfully noted the event in your calendar.
Thanks for your help and enough for now.
Have a great day.
I am in the mood for Izakaya type of food. Pull up some options for me please.
Sure, which city would you like?
SFO please.
Alright, I've found 10 options for you. Starting with 2g Japanese Brasserie located in San Francisco.
Yeah, that works for me.
would you like to make a reservation?
I need the reservation please.
Great, for what time works best for you?
I would prefer 12:30 pm.
Please confirm a table booking for 2 at 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco. This reservation will be for 12:30 pm on March 1st.
No, let's dothe 10th of this month please.
Alright, please confirm March 10th in San Francisco. Did I understand correctly.
Yeah, that will do.
Great, your booking was successfully created.
Thanks, Let's add this to my calendar with a location of 601 Van Ness Avenue.
What would you like to call this event?
Let's label it Movie show and put it for 12:30 pm.
Alright, please confirm Movie show at 12:30 pm on March 10th at 601 Van Ness Avenue. Is this correct?
Yeah, this is right.
Great, successfully added this event to your calendar.
Thanks. Good bye.
your welcome. Good bye.
I want to find a place to eat that serves alcohol.
What kind of food would you like to eat? What city?
I want to find barbecue in San Francisco.
25 Lusk is a restaurant in San Francisco.
Is it pricey? What's the phone number?
The phone number is 415-495-5875. It is expensive.
Are there other restaurants?
Alba Ray's is in San Francisco.
That sounds good.
Do you want to book a table?
Yes, I want to make a reservation for next Friday at 11 am.
Please confirm: a table for 2 at Alba Ray's in San Francisco on March 8th at 11 am.
No, make it the 10th.
Please confirm: event on March 10th in San Francisco.
Yes, sounds good. Is is afforadable?
Your reservation has been made. The price range is moderate.
Thanks, I want to add it to my calendar.
Is the event at 2293 Mission Street?
Yes, put lunch at Alba Ray's as the title.
What time would you like it?
Make it at 11 am.
Please confirm: event Lunch at Alba Ray's at 2293 Mission Street on March 10th at 11 am.
Yes, that's correct.
Your event has been added.
Thank you, that's all.
Have a great day.
I am looking for a restaurant, somewhere that sells Lobster would be excellent.
Which city are you thinking of?
I want one in SFO.
There are 10 restaurants that meet your requirements, one is called Akiko's Sushi Bar which is lovely and is in San Francisco.
Yes that suits me, could you reserve a table there?
What time would you like?
Seven in the evening on 8th of March.
To confirm then that is a table for 2 at Akiko's Sushi bar in San Francisco, on March 8th at 7 pm.
Yes that information is right.
You booking is now confirmed.
That's great thanks. Will you add the event to my calendar? Call it Restaurant reservation at Akiko's Sushi Bar at seven in the evening and the address is 542 A Mason Street.
To confirm then the event is called Restaurant reservation at Akiko's Sushi Bar at 7 pm on March 8th and the location is 542 A Mason Street.
Yes all that info is spot on.
The event has now been added.
That is everything I need help with, thank you.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I need a place to eat.
What type of food, Chinese, Italian, or something else?
I would like tacos at Sonoma.
I have 1 restaurant La Casa in Sonoma.
Yes, that is great.
Would you like a table there?
Yes, I'd like to reserve for 2 people at 12:30 March 5th.
Please confirm a table at La Casa Sonoma at 12:30 pm for 2 on March 5th.
Yes, that works. Is there live music and what is the address?
The reservation is a success at 121 East Spain Street. There is no live music.
Thanks so much. Please add to the calendar restaurant reservation for the event.
What is the time of the event?
The event is 12:15 in the afternoon.
Please confirm Restaurant reservation March 5th 121 East Spain Street at 12:15 pm.
Yes, that is great.
That is a success adding to your calendar.
Thanks for all the help. That will be all I need.
Have a great day.
I want to find a place where I can eat at.
Can you tell me the kind of food you would like to have? It can be American, Mexican or something else.
I would enjoy eating some California kind of food.
Can you tell me the city where I should look for the restaurant?
The restaurant I am looking for should be in Oakland.
I would recommed Dopo which is a nice restaurant in Oakland.
Can you tell me if they have live music there, and if they serve liquor?
Unfortunately they do not serve alcohol, and do not have live music there.
Alright, that suits me well.
Do you want to book a table at this restaurant?
Yes I want to have a table booked for me at this restaurant.
What time you want the reservation to be made for your table?
I want the reservation to be for 6 o"clock in the evening.
Can you please confirm that you want to have a table booked for 2 people at Dopo in Oakland, and you want the reservation to be for March 1st at 6 pm?
That is not right, because I want the reservation to be for 4 people at 5:30 in the evening.
Can you please confirm that you want to book a table for 4 people at 5:30 pm?
That is what I want.
I apologize, but I could not make your requested reservation. Dopo is actually a good restaurant so I can try to make the reservation for 4 people on March 1st at 5 pm.
I like that also.
Your requested reservation has been made.
I appreciate it very much. I want to add this reservation in my calendar.
Will you be going for this event at 4293 Piedmont Avenue? What is the name you want to have for this event, and at what time you want the event to be?
That seems nice. I want the event to be called Restaurant reservation for 5 at Dopo, and the time for the reservation is 4:30 in the evening.
Can you please confirm that you want to add the event called Restaurant reservation for 5 at Dopo in your calendar, and the event is at the address 4293 Piedmont Avenue on March 1st at 4:30 pm?
That is correct.
Your requested event has been added in your calendar.
I appreciate your help very much. That would be all.
Have a good time!
I will be meeting with a friend later and want to find a place where we can go eat.
Where do you want to look for it?
Look for something in Oakland.
What type of cuisine are you looking for.
I am craving something that sells Noodles and search for something economical, I am trying to save money.
There is Fortune Restaurant in Oakland.
Sure, that one sounds good.
Do you want to book a table?
Yes, please book it.
At what time do you want to book it?
Around 1:15 pm if possible.
Please confirm: Booking a table for 2 people on March 1st at 1:15 pm at Fortune Restaurant in Oakland.
That is correct.
There was an issue booking the table. There is a reservation available at Fortune Restaurant for 2 people on March 1st at 1:30 pm.
That sounds good.
The table has been booked.
Thanks a lot. I want to add the reservation to my calendar. Put it under the name Dinner at Fortune Restaurant at 940 Webster Street
At what time do you want to add it?
Add it for 1:15 pm.
Please confirm: Adding to calendar Dinner at Fortune Restaurant on March 1st at 1:15 pm at 940 Webster Street.
That is correct.
The event was added to your calendar.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that would be all.
Have a great day.
I am looking for a pricey place to eat
Which city are you looking for?
I want something in Cupertino
Any food specifications?
Yes, Italian food would be perfect
I found 2 restaurants matching your preferences in Cupertino. How about Enzo's Italian Restaurant?
Sounds good to me
Should I reserve a table for you here?
Yes, Book a table for 1 saturday this week
What time should I book it for?
19:15 works for me
Booking a table for 1 at Enzo's italian restaurant in cupertino on march 2nd at 7:15 pm
Cool, what is their address?
It is 21275 stevens creek boulevard #510. I wasn;t able to make the earlier reservation for 1 at enzo's italian restaurant. Should I make it for March 2nd at 7:30 pm instead?
Sure, I am fine with that
Congratulations, your table has been successfully booked
Do they serve alcohol? what is their contact number?
Their number is 408-255-2686 and they do serve alcohol
Cool. Add it to my calendar as well
What should I name this event? what time should I schedule it for?
Call it restaurant reservation for 2 at Enzo's italian restaurant at half past 7 in the evening
Scheduling restaurant reservation for 2 at Enzo's italian restaurant for march 2nd at 7:30 pm on your calendar. The location is 21275 stevens creek boulevard #510
Sounds perfect to me.
Event added to your calendar
Thanks a lot
Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thanks, That would be all.
Have a great time there.
find me an average priced place to eat
which city to search in and what kind of food?
some Ramen food will be good, search in Walnut creek
i got 2, Ikoi is in Walnut creek
any thing esle?
Sasa is also in Walnut creek
do they have live music
no, they dont
ok, please make me a reservation there
at what time?
At evening 6 please
Please confirm: Booking a table for 2 at the Sasa in Walnut creek at 6 pm on March 1st
No, make it at 12:15 pm for one person
Please confirm: Booking a table for 1 at 12:15 pm
no, wait make it for two on the 10th
Please confirm: Booking a table for 2 on March 10th
yes, thats right. whats the address and their contact number?
The address is 1432 North Main street and contact number is 925-210-0188 Unfortunately the reservation didnt go through, shall i try Booking a table for 2 at the Sasa 12 pm on March 10th
yes thats ok
your booking is done
thanks, please add it to my calendar
what should i name it and whats the time for it?
Put it as Restaurant reservation for 2 at Sasa and the event time is twelve pm
please confirm: adding an event named Restaurant reservation for 2 at Sasa scheduled for March 10th at 1432 North Main street at 12 pm
yes thats ok
added to your calendar
thanks a lot
any thing else?
no, thats it
have a good day!
Can you find me a place to eat?
Where are you looking for places to eat, and what kind of food do you like?
Search for freshwater fish restaurant in Dublin.
There is 1 applicable restaurant in Dublin, how about Pacific Catch?
That works for me, thanks.
Shall I reserve you a table here?
Of course, reserve a table on next Monday at 11:30 in the morning.
You will reserve a table for 2 at Pacific Catch in Dublin, it will be made for 11:30 am on March 4th correct?
That is all correct, how pricey is this restaurant?
The reservation was made successfully, Pacific Catch has moderate prices.
How can I contact this establishment?
Contact them by calling 925-999-8053.
Okay, please add this event to my calendar.
This event will occur at 5251 Martinelli Way correct?
That is correct.
How about a name, what should I call this event?
Restaurant reservation at Pacific Catch, if that's possible.
How about the time for this event?
It should be set at 11:15 in the morning.
You are making an event on March 4th at 11:15 am at 5251 Martinelli Way, called Restaurant reservation at Pacific Catch correct?
That is all correct.
The event has been made and added to your calendar.
That is all for now, thanks for the help.
No problem, have a good day.
Hi, could you help me search for intermediate priced food in a restaurant which serves alcohol?
Sure, any preference on the location and type of food served, such as American or Chinese food?
Sure, I would prefer a restaurant which serves Freshwater Fish in Santa Clara.
There is 1 restaurant called The Fish Market located in Santa Clara.
Yes this is fine with me.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Sure, that will be great.
What time will you be dining in?
I will be eating at 11:15 am.
Please confirm your reservation for 2 at The Fish Market in Santa Clara at 11:15 am on March 1st.
Could you make the reservation at 11:00 instead?
No problem, please confirm your reservation at 11 am on March 1st.
This is fine with me. Thanks!
No problem, your reservation has been made.
Could you add this to my calendar too? The event should be titled Reservation at The Fish Market and it is located at 3775 El Camino Real.
When does the event start?
This event commences at 11:00.
Sure, please confirm your request to add an event titled Reservation at The Fish Market which takes place at 3775 El Camino Real on March 1st at 11 am.
Sure, this is fine with me.
Your event reservation has been added to your calendar.
I see, that is all the help I need for now, thanks!
Sure, have a great day ahead!
I'm looking for somewhere in San Francisco that serves Freshwater fish.
What about Akiko's Sushi Bar? It's in San Francisco.
Hmm, surprising, fresh water fish at a sushi place, I'm curious about that? Make a reservation for half past 5 in the evening. I want it on March 6th.
Confirming: 2 for Akiko's Sushi Bar at 5:30 pm on March 6th in San Francisco.
Yes, that's it.
You're all set.
To be clear add it to my calendar: Restaurant Reservation at Akiko's sushi bar on 542 A Mason Street.
What time shall I put?
Half past 5 in the evening.
To be clear: March 6th, 5:30 pm, 542 A Mason Street, Restaurant reservation at Akiko's Sushi Bar.
Fine, that's good.
It's added now.
Great work, thanks.
Do you need anything more?
Not a thing.
Enjoy your Sushi.
I want to find a place to eat in Larkspur which is not very costly. I enjoy having Japanese kind of food.
I can recommend the Fukusuke Restaurant in Larkspur.
Can you check if they have live music?
Unfortunately they do not have live music.
That suits me well. I want to make a reservation at this restaurant for 3 people at evening 6:45.
Can you confirm that you want to book a table for 3 people at Fukusuke Restaurant in Larkspur on March 1st at 6:45 pm?
That suits me well.
I apologize I could not make your requested reservation. Do you want me to try again make a reservation for 3 people at Fukusuke Restaurant on March 1st at 7 pm?
That is nice for me.
Your requested reservation has been made.
I appreciate it very much. I want this event to be added on my calendar.
Can you tell me the name I should use for the event, and at what time is the event?
I want the event to be called Restaurant reservation for 2 at Fukusuke Restaurant at 7 o"clock in the evening.
Will the event take place at 578 Magnolia Avenue?
That seems nice to me.
Can you please confirm that you want to add the event called Restaurant reservation for 2 at Fukusuke Restaurant in your calendar, and the event will happen at 578 Magnolia Avenue on March 1st at 7 pm?
That is what I want.
Your requested event has been added in your calendar.
I am thankful for the help you provided to me.
Is there something else I can help you with?
Nothing. I thank you that you helped me.
Have a good time!
I am looking for a place to eat that serves alcohol in San Mateo.
What kind of food are you looking for?
I'd like some expensive Southern food.
Poplar Creek Grill is nice and in San Mateo.
What is their phone number?
The number is 650-522-7526.
Yes, that works. I'd like to make a reservation for 4 people.
What time do you want the reservation?
Make it for quarter past 11 in the morning.
Please confirm the following details: Reserving a table for 4 people at Poplar Creek Grill in San Mateo on March 1st at 11:15 am.
Yes, that is correct.
I'm sorry, I was unable to make the reservation at Poplar Creek Grill. Shall I try for 4 people on March 1st at 11 am?
Yes, that works for me.
Your reservation is successful.
I'd like to add this to my calendar. The title is Dinner at Poplar Creek Grill, the location is 1700 Coyote Point Drive and the event time is 11 am.
Please confirm the following details to be added to your calendar: The event name is Dinner at Poplar Creek Grill, located at 1700 Coyote Point Drive on March 1st at 11 am.
Yes, that is correct.
It has been added to your calendar.
Thank you for your help, that is all I need.
Okay, have a great day.
I'm look for a restaurant
In which city?
I'd like a restaurantin Berkeley
What would you like to eat?
I'd like some Latin American food
In Berkeley I found Fonda
Is there live music? Is it an expensive restaurant?
No, there isn't live music. It's a price range moderate restaurant
It's fine for me! I want to book a table for four people on the 10th at afternoon 12
A table for 4 people at Fonda, in Berkeley, on March 10th at 12 pm: do you confirm?
Yes, I confirm. Can I get the contact number? Does the restaurant serve alcohol?
The contact number is 510-559-9006. Yes, they serve alcohol. Your table is booked!
Thank you so much. I want to add this event to my calendar on afternoon 12
Is the address 1501 Solano Avenue?
Yes, the address is correct.
How do you want to name the event?
The name is: Reservation at Fonda
Event name: Reservation at Fonda. Date of event: March 10th at 12 pm. Address of event: 1501 Solano Avenue. Is it correct?
Yes, it's correct!
The event was added
Thank you so much
Do you need anything else?
No, It's all, thanks
Have a nice day
Can you help me find a place to eat?
What type of food are you looking for? You can say Chinese, Indian or anything else. What city should I search in?
Some pizza and pasta sounds good. Please look in Pleasant Hill
I found Dallimonti's Italian Restaurant in Pleasant Hill.
Yes, that sounds nice. Please make a reservation for two people at the evening 7:30 on March 7th.
Please confirm the following details: Reserving a table at Dallimonti's Italian Restaurant in Pleasant Hill for 2 people on March 7th at 7:30 pm.
No, I need it for 4 people on the 12th of March.
Please confirm: The reservation is for 4 people on March 12th.
Correct. Do they have live music and do they serve liquor?
Your reservation is successful. They serve alcohol and they do not have live music.
Thank you very much. Can you all this to my calendar? The title is Restaurant Reservation for 3 at Dallimonti's Italian Restaurant and the event time is evening 7:30.
Is the event happening at 1932 Oak Park Boulevard?
Yes, that works.
Please confirm the following details: The event name is Restaurant Reservation for 3 at Dallimonti's Italian Restaurant at 1932 Oak Park Boulevard on March 12th at 7:30 pm.
Yes, that is correct.
Successfully added to your calendar.
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No thank you, that is all.
Okay, have a good day.
Hello, please can you find some good restaurant to have food.
Sure, what kind of restaurant do you prefer - Italian, American, Chinese, Thai or anything else?
I'm looking for a Latin American kind of restaurant.
In which city are you looking for?
Please can you look in San Fran.
Sure. How about dining in Arguello, which is a nice restaurant in San Francisco.
Do you have their phone number and address?
Yup, they are located at 50 Moraga Avenue and you can reach them at 415-561-3650.
Thanks for the information. Please can you book a table at this restaurant for 2 persons at 12:15?
Sure. Please can you confirm me that you wish to book a table at Arguello in San Francisco for 2 people on March 1st at 12:15 pm, right?
Yup, that would work for me. Is it a costlier or a cheaper restaurant?
Its neither of the two, but a moderate one. Unfortunately, I couldn't make the reservation. Please may I know if you wish to book a table at the restaurant Arguello for 2 people on March 1st at 12:30 pm?
Yup, sounds good to me.
Okay! your reservation is made successfully.
Please can you add this event to my calendar in the time slot 12:30 in the afternoon under the name Reservation at Arguello?
Sure. Please can you confirm me that you wish to add the event Reservation at Arguello that is scheduled at 50 Moraga Avenue on March 1st at 12:30 pm, right?
Yup, sounds good to me.
Okay, the event is successfully added to the calendar.
Thanks much for the help. I'm done with it.
Have a wonderful day.
Hi, could you help me search for places which serves a nice korean barbeque?
Sure, any preference on the restaurant location?
Yes, I would prefer to dine in the San Francisco area.
How about Aato in San Francisco?
May I have their address please?
They are located in 1449 Lombard Street.
I see, what is the price range of their food and do they serve any liquor?
Their food is moderate priced and they serve alcohol.
That is fine with me!
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Sure, could you make a reservation for 4 on the 13th of March?
And what time will you be dining there?
Most likely at 19:00.
Sure, please confirm your booking at Aato in San Francisco for 4 at 7 pm on March 13th.
That is fine with me. Do you know if they play live music, and how can I contact them?
Your reservation has been made. They do not play live music, but you can contact them at 415-292-2368.
I see, could you add this event to my calendar titled Reservation at Aato at 18:45 please?
Sure, please confirm the adding of your event titled Reservation at Aato located in 1449 Lombard Street at 6:45 pm on March 13th.
Sure, that is fine with me.
Your event has been added to your calendar.
Sure, that is all I need now, thank you!
No worries, have a great day ahead!
I need to find somewhere that serves freshwater fish.
In which city should I search.
Please check in SFO.
I found 10. Do you like Akiko's Sushi Bar in San Francisco.
Yes that is good. Please reserve a table at morning 10:45 on March 13th.
You want a table for 2 at 10:45 am on March 13th at Akiko's Sushi Bar in San Francisco, correct?
That is correct.
I was unable to book that time. Would you like to try March 13th at 11 am for 2 at Akiko's Sushi Bar?
Yes that would work thanks.
Your reservation has been made.
Thanks, please add it to my calendar.
Is the address 542 A Mason Street?
Yes that is correct.
What would you like to call the event?
Call it Restaurant reservation at Akiko's Sushi Bar.
What time would you like to enter?
Put morning 10:45.
You want to enter Restaurant Reservation at Akiko's Sushi Bar on March 13th at 10:45 am at 542 A Mason Street, correct?
Yes that is correct.
Your event has been added.
Thanks, that's all I needed.
Have a great day.
I am searching for a place to eat in SF. Some seafood type of food will be okay for me.
There is one good restaurant called Akiko's Sushi Bar in San francisco.
Fine, This is okay for me. I like to make a reservation.
At what time you want the reservation?
Do it at 13:30 for 3 people.
Please give confirmation details: Booking a table for 3 people at Akiko's Sushi Bar at 1:30 pm on March 1st in the city of San Francisco
Yes this is okay for me.
Your booking is confirmed.
I want to add this event to my calendar.
Can you tell me what name i should give to this event? Event is at what time?
Keep Restaurant reservation at Akiko's Sushi Bar for the title and the event starts at 13:30.
Tell me whether the event taking place at 542 A Mason Street?
Fine. this is cool. The event starts at afternoon 1:15
Please give confirmation details: Name of the event in calendar is Restaurant reservation at Akiko's Sushi Bar on march 1st at 1:15 pm and the event is at 542 A Mason Street.
Yes, this is perfect.
I have added the event successfully to your calendar.
Thank you so much.
Do you need any other help?
No, thanks for the help.
Have a nice day.
I'm hungry. Can you find me some Asian Fusion?
In what city?
In Los Gatos.
I found 1 relevant restaurant in Los Gatos called Kamakura Japanese Restaurant.
Does live music play there?
No, it does not.
What's the phone number and address?
You can call them at 408-395-6650, and can physically reach them at 135 North Santa Cruz Avenue.
That works. I'd like to reserve a table at the restaurant.
At what time?
At evening 7:30.
You want to book a table for 2 at Kamakura Japanese Restaurant in Los Gatos at 7:30 pm on March 1st?
That is correct.
I successfully reserved your table.
Okay, great. I want to put it on my calendar under the title Restaurant reservation for 6 at Kamakura Japanese Restaurant, at the time of evening 7:30.
You want to add the event Restaurant reservation for 6 at Kamakura Japanese Restaurant to your calendar for the time 7:30 pm on March 1st, at 135 North Santa Cruz Avenue?
That is all accurate.
I put it on your calendar.
Thanks a ton. I need nothing further right now.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I'd like to find the best restaurant for Cuban food.
What city would you like me to search?
I'd like a place that serves alcohol in San Mateo.
I've located 1 Cuban restaurant in San Mateo. It is called Cha Cha Cha Cuba.
That sounds great.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Please reserve a table for 1 for evening 7:30.
Please confirm that you'd like to book a table at Cha Cha Cha Cuba at 7:30 pm for 1 on March 1st. The restaurant is located in San Mateo.
Yes. That sounds great.
The reservation was successfully booked.
Where are they located?
The location is at 112 South B Street.
What is their phone number?
The number of the business is 650-347-2900.
I appreciate your help. Will you add this to my calendar?
What would you like to call this event?
I'd like the event to be titled Reservation at Old Town Sushi.
What is the time of the event?
Book the event for 7:15 in the evening.
Please confirm that you would like Reservation at Old Town Sushi to your events on March 1st. The reservation is scheduled for 7:15 pm, and the event location is 112 South B Street.
That sounds great.
The event has been added to your calendar.
I appreciate your assistance.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thank you.
It is my pleasure. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a place to eat
In which city you want
I want in the Berkeley
What's your preferred food
Some vegetarian kind
Great Wall | Chinese restaurant is a good restaurant located in Berkeley
Look some other I am looking for something not very costly breast
I found 2 restaurants which suits you.Himalayan flavors is a good one in Berkeley
Yes that works for me
Would you like to book a table there
Yes please make a reservation
For what time you need it
At afternoon 12
Please confirm the following making a table booking at Himalayan flavors on march 1st at 12 pm for 2 people in Berkeley
No make it half past 6 in the evening I want it on 12th of this month
Please confirm the following the reservation is at 6:30 pm on March 12th
Yes works for me
Your reservation is confirmed
Thank you I would like to add this to my calendar with the title restaurant reservation for 5 at Himalayan flavors and the time is half past 6 in the evening
Is it happening at 1585 university avenue
Yes sounds good
Please confirm the following details the event name is is restaurant reservation for 5 at Himalayan flavors and the schedule date is March 12th at 6:30 pm in 1585 university avenue
Yes that's correct
Event added to the calendar successfully
Thanks a lot that's all for now
Have a nice day
I am hungry. Where should I eat?
You want Chinese? Italian? Or what? Also, give me the city.
A light meal in Livermore.
In Livermore I suggest Simply Fondue.
Whats their address. Do they have a bar.
Yes, they have alcohol. Go to 2300 First Street #110.
Great. Can you get me a table?
Sure. For what time?
For 6:30 in the evening.
2 at Simply Fondue in Livermore on March 1st at 6:30 pm?
That is correct.
You have a table.
What will this run me? Do you have their number.
925-443-6638. They are moderate priced.
Cool. Could you add this my calendar?
Name and time of event?
Restaurant reservation for 5 at Simply Fondue is the name. 6:30 in the evening.
Restaurant reservation for 5 at Simply Fondue is the event name. 6:30 pm is the time. Location is 2300 First Street #110. And date is March 1st. Correct?
That is correct.
Done. Added to Calendar.
Great. I think I will chill out now.
Excellent. Good Day.
Will you find a restaurant?
Which city? Any preference?
Italian in Mill Valley.
I found 3 restaurants. La Ginestra is in Mill Valley.
Great. Will you make a reservation on March 4th at 6:30 pm?
Please confirm a table for 2 at La Ginestra in Mill Valley on March 4th at 6:30 pm.
That's fine.
I've made a reservation.
Thanks.
Anything else?
Will you add this to my calendar?
Location at 127 Throckmorton Avenue? What should I title event?
Perfect. Title it Restaurant reservation at La Ginestra.
What time?
6:30 pm.
Please confirm Restaurant reservation at La Ginestra at 127 Throckmorton Avenue on March 4th at 6:30 pm.
Perfect.
I've added the event to your calendar.
Thanks. That's all.
Have a wonderful day.
Hi, i need a help, one of my friend will come here to meet me, i need a restaurant to eat, could you find good place to eat?
Sure, i can help you, can you say which type of foods are you looking for, Do you like Italian or indian or anything else? which city should i search in for?
i am looking around in Milpitas, I like korean Hot pot
Okay, i have found 3 restaurants for you, One of the best restaurant is Cj House Korean Bbq and it is located in Milpitas.
Cool, give me their contact number.
The restaurant contact number is 408-263-6705
I am looking for some moderate priced restaurants, Could you find it for me?
Sure, I have found 1 restaurant in Milpitas, The restaurant name is Korea Garden.
Yes, it seems good for me, I need to reserve that restaurant.
Okay, please tell me the reservation time?
Reserve it at 6:30 in the evening
Please confirm the following details: The restaurant name is Korea Garden and it is located Milpitas, The reservation date is March 1st at 6:30 pm and the reservation is for 2 people.
No, Please change the time to 12 pm
Please confirm the following details: The restaurant name is Korea Garden and it is located Milpitas, The reservation date is March 1st at 12 pm pm and the reservation is for 2 people
Sorry, i need it on 3rd of this month
Please confirm the following details:The restaurant name is Korea Garden and it is located Milpitas, The reservation date is March 3rd at 6:30 pm and the reservation is for 2 people
Yes, you are right.
congratulations, your reservation has been made.
Okay, Thank you, Do they serve liquor? Give me their contact number?
Sorry, They do not serve alcohol, The restaurant contact number is 408-946-2222
Thank you very much for your help, i need to add this event to my calendar.
Okay,Please tell me which title will give to the event and is the event happening at 1535 Landess Avenue #143?
Yes, you are right, Give reservation at Korea Garden as event title.
Please tell me what is the time for the event?
The event time is 11:30 am
Please confirm the following details: The event title is Reservation at Korea Garden and The scheduled date for the event is March 3rd, the event location is 1535 Landess Avenue #143 and scheduled time for the event is 11:30 am
Yes, you are right.
The event is successfully added to your calendar.
Okay, Thank you very much for your help, bye
you are welcome, have a great day, bye
I want to find a place to eat.
What city would you like me to search in?
Find me something in SFO.
What kind of food are you wanting to eat?
I was hoping for some Freshwater Fish.
I have 10 restaurants for you. Akiko's Sushi Bar is a nice place in San Francisco.
Yeah that sounds great. I want to make a reservation.
What time is that for?
Make it at half past 11 in the morning on 3rd of March.
Let's confirm the details. Akiko's Sushi Bar in San Francisco at 11:30 am for 2 people on March 3rd.
Do they serve alcohol and what is there number please?
That is all booked for you. They do serve alcohol and the number is 415-989-8218.
Thanks so much. I want to add it to my calendar as Restaurant Reservation at Akiko's Sushi Bar.
What time is this event.
I already told you it is at half past 11 in the morning.
Is that at 542 A Mason Street?
Yes that's the one.
Let's confirm the details. You are making the event Restaurant Reservation at Akiko's Sushi Bar at 542 A Mason Street on March 3rd at 11:30 am.
Yes that sounds perfect to me.
That has been added to your calendar.
Thanks for your help.
Is there anything else I can do?
No, that will be all.
Thank you, have a nice day.
I want moderate place to eat and drink alcohol in Sunnyvale.
What kind of food, like American or Chinese?
Any kind of Italian.
I found 2. In Sunnyvale, I have Gumbas.
That works for me.
Do you want to book?
Yes book tables.
What time do you want?
Book for 12:00.
Confirm March 1st for 2 at Gumbas at 12 pm in Sunnyvale.
That works, do they have live music?
You are confirmed and no live music.
Thank for the help
Is there anything else?
Add this to my calendar.
Is address 176 South Murphy Avenue and what is title?
Yes and use Reservation at Gumbas for 12:00.
Confirm Reservation at Gumbas March 1st for 12 pm located 176 South Murphy Avenue.
That is all correct.
Added to calendar.
That is all I need.
Have a great day.
I need to find a place to eat.
Is there some specific kind of food you want to have?
I would enjoy having some Seafood kind of food.
Can you tell me the city where I should look for the restaurant?
I want the restaurant to be in Marshall.
A good restaurant in Marshall is Nick's Cove.
Can you give me their phone number? Is the restaurant considered as expensive?
If you want to call them you can at 415-663-1033. The price range of this restaurant is considered moderate.
Alright, that suits me well.
Do you want to book a table at this restaurant?
Yes, I want to book a table at this restaurant.
Can you tell me the time for when you want the reservation to be made for?
I want the reservation to be for 1 person, and for it to be at half past 11 in the morning.
Can you please confirm that you want to book a table for 1 person at Nick's Cove in Marshall, on March 1st at 11:30 am.
That seems nice to me.
Your requested reservation has been made.
I appreciate it very much. Do you want to add this event in your calendar?
Can you tell me the time of the event, and if it will happen in 23240 California 1?
That is correct. The time for the event is half past 11 in the morning.
How do you want the event to be called?
The title of the event should be Food.
Can you confirm that you want to add the event called Food on your calendar, and the event is in 23240 California 1 on March 1st at 11:30 am.
That is what I want.
Your requested event has been added in your calendar.
I am thankful for the help you provided to me. That would be all.
Have a good time!
Help me find a place to eat.
Is there a particular cuisine you like such as American, Italian, or anything else?
I really enjoy Sushi.
Where do you want to search?
Please search in SF.
I found 10 matches. 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco is nice.
Okay, I'll try that.
Do you want to book a table?
Yes, book a table for me.
What time do you want the table?
I want it at 7:45 pm.
I'll book you a table for 2 at 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco for March 1st at 7:45 pm. Is that correct?
No, I actually want a table for 4.
I'll book you a table for 4 in San Francisco. Is that correct?
You got it. Do they have liquor there?
I'm sorry, but all the tables are booked. Do you need anything else from me?
Try to book a table at 7 o"clock in the evening this time.
I'll book you a table for 4 at 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco for March 1st at 7 pm. Is that correct?
Yes, try that.
The table is booked.
Do they have liquor there? And where are they located?
They do have alcohol. They're located at 601 Van Ness Avenue.
Thanks a lot. Please put this in my calendar.
What is the time you would like to add the event on?
Put the event at evening 6:45.
And what would you like to name the vent?
Name it Movie at Landmark's Opera Plaza Cinema.
I'll add the event as Movie at Landmark's Opera Plaza Cinema. The date is March 1st. The location is 601 Van Ness Avenue. And the time is 6:45 pm. Are all the details correct?
Yes, everything's correct.
I've added the event to the calendar.
Thanks for the help.
Do you need me for anything else?
No, thanks again.
Have a fine day.
I am searching for a place to eat.
What type of food you like? Like indian, American etc. Is there any preference f city i should search in?
Japanese type of food is okay for me and want it in San Fran.
There is one nice 2g Japanese Brasserie Restaurant located in San Francisco.
Is it costly over there?
Moderate price range.
Can i know their contact number?
415-292-9997 is the contact number.
This is perfect for me.
Are you like to book table here?
Yes, i like to book a table. Do it at twelve in the afternoon on march 11th.
Please give confirmation details: Booking a table for 2 people at 2g Japanese Brasserie at 12 pm on March 11th in the city of San Francisco
Sorry, i want to book for 1 people.
Please give confirmation details: The booking is for 1 people at 12 pm.
This is okay for me.
Your booking is successful.
I want to add this to my calendar.
Do you see the event happening there at 601 Van Ness Avenue?
This is cool.
Which name can i use for the event?
Keep Reservation at 2g Japanese Brasserie for the event title.
At what time event starts?
Event starts at twelve in the afternoon.
Please give confirmation details: The event reservation at 2g Japanese Brasserie on march 11th at 12 pm in the location 601 Van Ness Avenue.
Yes. this is perfect.
I have added the event to your calendar successfully.
Thanks a lot for the help.
Do you need any other help?
N, thank you very much.
Have a great day.
I am tired of cooking and would like to eat out.
In which city? Would you like chinese, american or another kind of food?
I want to eat pizza and pasta in dublin.
There is berevino cucina & wine bar in dublin.
That sounds great. Go ahead and make a reservation for me.
For what time?
For 7:15 in the evening.
You would like a table for 2 at berevino cucina & wine bar in dublin on March 1st for 7:15 pm?
Just a table for 1 at 6 in the evening.
You would like a table for 1 at 6 pm?
Yes, that would be great.
I have made the reservation.
Thanks a lot. Add this to my calendar: lunch at tomatina at 4590 dublin boulevard at 6 in the evening.
You would like to have lunch at tomatina at 4590 dublin boulevard at 6 pm on March 1st?
Yes, that would be great.
I have added it to your calendar.
Thanks a lot.
Would you like help with something else?
No. Thanks a lot.
Enjoy your day.
I am meeting friends and would like to find a nice place to eat.
Is there a certain type of food you would like to eat?
I'm thinking Szcheuan food would be perfect and would like to eat in San Francisco.
A nice restaurant in San Francisco is Alice's.
That sounds perfect. Please reserve a table for three people for 6 in the evening on the 4th.
Please confirm a table Alice's San Francisco for 3 people at 6 pm on March 4th.
That is correct. What is their price range and do they have live music?
Your table has been reserved. They are considered inexpensive and they do not have live music.
Thank you for your assistance. Please add this reservation to my calendar.
How would you like this titled on your calendar?
Please enter it under Reservation at Alice's.
What is the event time and is the address 1599 Sanchez Street?
Yes, correct and it will be for 6 in the evening.
Please confirm that the event is titled Reservation at Alice's and it is scheduled for March 4th at 6 pm. The locationofth is event is 1599 Sanchez Street.
That is right.
This event has been added to your calendar.
Thank you. Your help is much appreciated. That is all I need right now.
Enjoy the day!
I have a couple friends visiting and need to find somewhere for us to eat. Can you look up restaurants for me?
Sure, where at and what kind of food?
Any place in San Francisco that has Cantonese food would be great.
Ok, it looks like Alice's is a popular restaurant in San Francisco that serves Cantonese food.
What's their phone number?
Their number is 415-282-8999.
Ok, and what's their address? Also, do they serve liquor?
Their address is 1599 Sanchez Street, and they don't serve alcohol unfortunately.
Ok, do you have any other suggestions for economical priced restaurants?
Sure, I found 10 possible alternatives. It looks like Beijing Restaurant is a highly rated restaurant in San Francisco. How about that?
Yes, that sounds fine. Can you make a reservation for me?
Sure, for what time?
Make it at 12 pm for 3 people.
Ok. To confirm, you want to make a reservation for 3 people at Beijing Restaurant in San Francisco on March 1st at 12 pm. Is that right?
Yes, that's right.
Ok, your reservation has been made.
Cool, can you also add this to my calendar?
Sure. What time and name do you want use for the event? And should I use 1801 Alemany Boulevard for the location?
Yes, that's fine. You can call it Reservation at Beijing Restaurant and put it for 12 pm.
Ok. To confirm, you want to add the calendar event Reservation at Beijing Restaurant, located at 1801 Alemany Boulevard, on March 1st at 12 pm. Is that right?
Yes, that's good.
Ok, the event has been added.
Great, thanks for your help.
Sure, anything else I can do?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Sure, have a good day.
I'm starving over here, can you find me somewhere to eat?
I can, but first I'll need to know your location. Also, I can better suit your needs if you tell me what kind of food you would prefer.
Find me a Mexican place in San Rafael.
Celia's Mexican Restaurant is located in San Rafael, would that work?
I've been there just last week, what else is there?
There is the Green Chile Kitchen, which is also located in San Rafael.
Nah, what else?
There is also the Los Palillos Restaurant in San Rafael.
What's the address?
It is listed as 3060 Kerner Boulevard.
Okay, I know where that is. Let me make a reservation.
What time would you like to make the reservation for?
Make it at 18:30.
You would like to make a reservation for 2 at Los Palillos Restaurant in San Rafael at 6:30 pm on March 1st. Is that all correct?
Yes that is all correct. Do they serve liquor, and what's their phone number?
Your reservation has successfully been made. Their phone number is listed as 415-456-4070, and they do not serve alcohol.
Alright awesome, thanks.
Will that be all?
Can you also add the event to my calendar? Title it Restaurant reservation for 3 at Los Palillos Restaurant, and make the event time 6:15 in the evening.
You would like me to make a calendar entry titled Restaurant reservation for 3 at Los Palillos Restaurant on March 1st at 6:15 pm. The location of the event is 3060 Kerner Boulevard. Is that correct?
Yes, that is all correct.
The event has been added to your calendar.
Great, that will be all for now. Thanks.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
My stomach is growling. Can you find me some Sichuan food to eat?
In what city?
In San Fran.
There's 10 Sichuan restaurants in San Francisco. I recommend Alice's.
That sounds good to me. Can you book a table for 1 there at 5 o"clock in the evening?
You want to book a table for 1 person at Alice's in San Francisco for the time 5 pm on March 1st?
Yes I do. What are the prices like there?
I booked the table. It's an inexpensive restaurant.
Does live music play there?
No, it does not.
Thanks for the info. I want to put this on my calendar.
Will it be at 1599 Sanchez Street?
That is correct.
What name and time should I use?
Call it Reservation at Alice's and make it for 5 o"clock in the evening.
Alright, you want to add the event Reservation at Alice's to your calendar, with a time of 5 pm on March 1st and a location of 1599 Sanchez Street?
Yes, that's accurate.
I put the event on your calendar.
Thank you! That's all I need for now.
Have a great day.
I'm looking for a restaurant.
Are you looking for Indian, Chinese or something else?
I'm looking for Burmese food in SF.
B Star is a restaurant in San Francisco.
That one is good.
Should I reserve a table for you?
Yes. Please reserve a table for the 12th.
At what time?
For 12:30 please.
Please confirm you want to book a table for 2 on March 12th at B Star in San Francisco at 12:30 pm.
Yep. That's right.
Your table reservation was successfully booked.
Thanks. Can you add this to my calendar?
What is the event title and is the location 127 Clement Street?
Yes, the title is Dinner at B Star.
For what time?
At 12:30 please.
Please confirm you want to add the event titled Dinner at B Star on March 12th at 12:30 pm at 127 Clement Street.
Yes. That is great.
The event has been successfully added?
Thanks. That's all for now.
Please have a great day.
I would like a place to eat
In which city? Do you prefer Chinese, Italian or anything else of food?
I'd like to eat some Cantonese kind of food in San Fran
There are 10 restaurant. What about Alice's in San Francisco?
Is it a restaurant not very costly? Where is located?
Is an inexpensive restaurant, and it's located in 1599 Sanchez Street
I prefere some Barbecue kind of food.
There are 10 restaurant in San Francisco. What about 1760?
Yes, 1760 it's good for me!
Do you want to book a table here?
Yes, please. I want to book here.
What time do you want the table?
At quarter past 6 in the evening, if it is possible
A table for 2 people at 1760 in San Francisco, on March 1st at 6:15 pm. Do you confirm?
Yes, I confirm. Can I get a contact number and the address, please?
Sure! Phone number is 415-359-1212. The address is 1760 Polk Street. Unfortunately it is not possible to book at that time. Shall I try to reserve a table for 2 people at 1760 on March 1st at 6 pm?
Yes, it's fine even at 6 pm.
Your reservation is confirmed
Thank you so much! Now add this event to my calendar
What is the name of the event?
Lunch at 1760 it's good
What is the time of the event?
Put 6 o"clock in the evening
Event name: Lunch at 1760. Location of the event: 1760 Polk Street. Date of the event: March 1st at 6 pm. It's all correct?
Yes, I confirm.
Your event was added to calendar
Thanks a lot for helping
Can I do anything else for you?
No, thank you. It's all for today
Have a nice day
I am so hungry. I need you to look for a place I can dine in.
What city are you looking into?
I am in Berkeley.
What type of cuisine are you tasting? Maybe American, Chinese or something else?
I am on a Veggie diet. So find me that.
In Berkeley go for the Great Wall | Chinese Restaurant.
Will I get liquor there?
They don't offer any alcohol.
Give me their location.
You will find them at 6247 College Avenue.
Tell me some other restaurant that is moderate priced. I would love Pizza and Pasta type of lunch.
There are 8 such restaurants. How would you like Cugini Restaurant in Berkeley?
Find me some other restaurant.
You can go for Donato & Co. in Berkeley.
Yeah that will really do.
Shall I book you a table there?
Sure. Go ahead and reserve.
What time shall I set your reservation?
I will be there at one pm.
So you want a table for 2 at Donato & Co. in Berkeley on March 1st at 1 pm?
Sure. Give me their phone digits and also figure out if they do live music.
I have your reservation all set. You can call them at 510-838-1131 and they don't do live music at all.
Can you fit this slot into my calendar? Call it Eat and set the time as quarter to 1 in the afternoon.
Is the event location 2635 Ashby Avenue?
Yeah that is all correct.
So confirm that your event name Eat is scheduled on March 1st at 2635 Ashby Avenue at 12:45 pm.
Yes I confirm.
Your event is added to your calendar.
Thanks a lot. That will do.
Have a wonderful day!
Find me a place to eat?
What city? What kind of food?
I'm craving Korean Barbeque in SFO!
I've heard of a great place called Aato in San Francisco
What else can you suggest?
I hear Barnzu in San Francisco is good too
Do they serve liquor there?
Yes they do!
Yes, that's perfect!
Want me to book a table?
Yes, please do!
For what time
Evening, around 18:30
Confirming you want a table for 2 at 6:30 pm on March 1st at Barnzu in San Francisco
Yes, is it very expensive there?
They are a moderate price range, and your reservation is successful!
Cool, what's their number and address?
They're located at 711 Geary Street and you can call them at 415-525-4985
Cool, add it to my calendar as Reservation at Barnzu at 6:15 in the evening
Confirming your Reservation at Barnzu on March 1st at 711 Geary Street at 6:15 pm
Yes that's great
It's been added
OK cool, that's it for now
Awesome, take care!
Hi, could you help me search for an affordable priced restaurant to visit?
Any preference on the type of food, such as Chinese or American food?
Some pizza will be great for me.
Any preference on the location of the restaurant too?
Yes, something in Santa Rosa will be great.
There are 10 restaurants in the Santa Rosa area, would you like t try out Basilico?
May I have their address please?
You can visit them at 4776 Sonoma Highway.
Do they play live music?
No, they do not.
What a pity, but I am fine with that. Could you make a reservation for me please?
When do you intend to dine in?
I intend to visit at half past 4 in the evening.
I see, please confirm your reservation for 2 at Basilico in Santa rosa at 4:30 pm on March 1st.
Sure, that is fine with me.
Sorry, I was not able to make your reservation. Could I further assist you?
Could you try the reservation at 1:30 pm instead?
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 2 at Basilico in Santa rosa at 1:30 pm on March 1st.
Yes, I am fine with that.
Your reservation has been made.
May I have their contact number too?
You can contact them at 707-539-0260.
Sure, could you add this event to my calendar please?
What is the title of the event?
Just put Eat will do, thanks!
Sure, and what time does the event start?
The event will commence at quarter past 1 in the afternoon.
Please confirm your request to add the event titled Eat to your calendar, located at 4776 Sonoma Highway and scheduled on March 1st at 1:15 pm.
That is fine with me.
Your event has been added to your calendar.
Thank you so much!
Do you need any other assistance?
No, that is all I need.
No problem, have a great day ahead!
I need to find a place where I can eat at.
Can you tell me the city where I should look for the restaurant?
I want the restaurant to be in Milpitas.
Is there some kind of food you are interested in?
The restaurant I am looking for should be average priced one, and I would enjoy having some Curry kind of food.
One good restaurant I can recommend is Anjappar Chettinad Restaurant in Milpitas.
Alright, that suits me well.
Do you want to book a table at this restaurant?
Yes I want to have a table booked for me at this restaurant for next Thursday.
Can you tell me the time for when you want the reservation be made for?
I want the reservation to be for six pm.
Can you please confirm that you want to book a table for 2 people at Anjappar Chettinad Restaurant in Milpitas on March 7th at 6 pm?
That suits me well. Can you tell if they have live music there? Can you also tell me their phone number?
Your requested reservation has been made. If you want to call them you can at 408-435-5500. Unfortunately they do not have live music there.
I appreciate it very much. I want this event to be added in my calendar.
How do you want the event to be called? Will the event happen at Milpitas Square?
Yes, that is correct. As for the title of the event, I want it to be Reservation at Anjappar Chettinad Restaurant.
Can you tell me the time for the event?
The time when the event will happen is six pm.
Can you please confirm that you want to add to your calendar the event called Reservation at Anjappar Chettinad Restaurant which will be in Milpitas Square on March 7th at 6 pm?
That is correct.
Your requested event has been added in your calendar.
I appreciate your help. That would be all.
Have a good time!
I will be meeting with a friend later on and we need to find a place to eat.
Where do yo want to look for?
Look for something in San Francisco.
What type of Cuisine are you looking for?
Look for something American if possible.
There are 10 possible restaurants for you. There is 1760 in San Francisco.
What is the address?
The address is 1760 Polk Street.
How can I contact them? Is it an extravagant restaurant?
It is an expensive restaurant and their phone number is 415-359-1212.
Sure, that one is alright. Please make a reservation at quarter past 5 in the evening
Please confirm: Booking a table for 2 at 1760 in San Francisco on March 1st at 5:15 pm.
That is correct. Do you know if they serve liquor or have live music?
They do not serve alcohol not have live music. There was an issue booking the table but there is reservation available for 2 at 1760 on March 1st at 5 pm.
Sure, that also sounds good.
The reservation has been done.
Please add it to my calendar.
At what time do you want to add it?
Save it as Lunch at 1760 and make it at 16:45.
Please confirm: Adding event Lunch at 1760 to your calendar on March 1st at 4:45 pm. The address is 1760 Polk Street.
That is correct.
The event was added to your calendar.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that would be all.
Have a great day.
My college friends will be in town and we plan on eating out. Please suggest some places.
What type of cuisine should I search for and in which city?
Please find a Gastrobar type restaurant in San Francisco.
Your San Francisco search yielded 10 results, among them the nice B-side restaurant.
Do you have their phone number?
You can reach them by phone at 415-287-6599.
Okay, that's fine with me.
Should I go ahead and reserve a table here?
Yes, please. A table for four, on 6th of March.
For what time should I make the reservation?
Please book it for 6 pm.
Okay. Please confirm that you're reserving a table for 4 at C B-side restaurant in San Francisco, at 6 pm on March 6th.
That is correct.
I have successfully made your reservation.
Please update my calendar to reflect this.
Will the event be at 205 Franklin Street?
That's right.
Please tell me the title and time for the event.
Enter Lunch at B-side as the event name, and 6 pm as the time.
Please confirm that you'd like your calendar updated with the following data for event name, place, date and time, respectively: Lunch at B-side, 205 Franklin Street, March 6th, 6 pm.
You got that right.
I have successfully updated your calendar.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful. That will be all for now.
Thank you, and do have yourself a wonderful day!
I need to find a moderate priced placed to eat in SFO?
What type of food do you want?
Fish would be perfect.
I found 10 restaurants in San Francisco. Alamo Square Seafood Grill is a good restaurant.
Do you have another restaurant suggestion?
Alioto's is also a nice restaurant in San Francisco.
Do you have another restaurant suggestion?
Begoni Bistro is also a nice restaurant in San Francisco.
Yes, I like that restaurant.
Can I assist you with something else?
I need a reservation for that restaurant.
What time would you like for the reservation?
I prefer eating at evening 7
Please confirm the following: A reservation for 2 at Begoni Bistro in San Francisco on March 1st at 7 pm.
That is correct. Does the restaurant have live music?
Your reservation has been made. It does not have live music.
What is the phone number?
The phone number is 415-757-0120.
Thanks for the assistance. Can you add this to my calendar?
Is the event location 615 Jackson Street? What should I name the event?
That is correct. Name the even Restaurant Reservation at Begoni Bistro.
What is the event time?
The event will occur at evening 7.
Please confirm: The scheduled date for Restaurant reservation at Begoni Bistro is March 1st at 7 pm and the location is 615 Jackson Street.
Yes, that is correct.
I have added the event to your calendar.
Thanks for the assistance. That is all i needed.
Enjoy your day.
Find me some place to eat.
Are you looking for Italian, Mexican or some other type of cuisine?
Find me some Cambodian food.
What city should I search in?
Search in Danville.
I found 2 restaurants. How about Lotus Thai Restaurant in Danville?
That works for me. Please make me a reservation.
For what time?
Make it for 11:45 in the morning.
Confirming that you want to book a table for 2 at Lotus Thai Restaurant in Danville for March 1st at 11:45 am?
No make it for seven pm on the 5th of this month.
Confirming that you want a reservation for March 5th at 7 pm.
I need it for 1 person.
Confirming your reservation for 1 at 7 pm?
Yes, that works. Do they feature live music?
No they do not feature live music. Your reservation is successful.
Add this to my calendar.
What name should I add it under? What time?
Add it as Dinner at Lotus Thai Restaurant at 6:45 in the evening.
Is this taking place at 115 Hartz Avenue?
Yes it is.
Adding the event Dinner at Lotus Thai Restaurant, 115 Hartz Avenue, on March 5th at 6:45 pm.
Yes, that sounds right.
I have successfully added the event to your calendar.
Thank you. That's all for now.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Can you find me a place to eat that's nearby?
I can. What kind of food are you looking for?
Someplace casual like a diner would be nice.
Where would you like me to search?
Find me a place in San Jose, I don't want to have to travel very far.
There are 10 restaurants which you might like in San Jose. Would 71 Saint Peter interest you?
Depends. Do they have live music? How pricey are they?
Their price range is listed as moderate, and they do not have live music.
Eh, sounds good enough. Can you make me a reservation for 2 people?
For what time?
Make it for 6 o"clock in the evening.
You would like me to make a reservation for 2 at 71 Saint Peter in San Jose on March 1st at 6 pm. Is that correct?
No. Make it on the 7th.
You would like me to make a reservation for 2 at 71 Saint Peter in San Jose on March 7th at 6 pm. Is that correct?
Yes, that is all correct. Can you also tell me whether or not they serve liquor and what their address is?
Your reservation has been made. They do serve liquor, and the street address is 71 North San Pedro Street.
Great. Can you put it on my calendar now as Reservation at 71 Saint Peter?
For what time?
Make it for the actual time, 6 o"clock in the evening.
You would like me to make a calendar entry titled Reservation at 71 Saint Peter on March 7th at 6 pm. The location of the event is 71 North San Pedro Street. Is that all correct?
Yea, that all sounds right.
I've added the event to your calendar.
Awesome, thank you.
Will the be all?
Yes that will be all for now.
Okay, have a nice day.
Hi, could you help me look for places to eat please?
Any preference on the type of food, such as Chinese, Indian food
I would like one which serves intermediate priced Bistro food please.
Any preference on the location of the restaurant?
I would prefer one in Menlo Park.
Sure, there are 2 restaurants available, one of which is Bistro Vida located in Menlo Park.
I see, this is fine for me.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Sure, could you help me do so?
When will you be dining there?
I will be visiting at 11:30 in the morning.
Please confirm your reservation for 2 at Bistro Vida in Menlo Park at 11:30 am on March 1st.
Sure, this is fine with me.
Your reservation has been made.
Do you now if they play live music?
No, they do not.
How about liquor?
They do not serve alcohol too.
What a pity, could you add this event to my calendar then?
What time does the event commence?
The event will start at 11:00
Is the event happening at 641 Santa Cruz Avenue?
Yes its is.
What is the title of the event?
Please indicate the title as Restaurant reservation please.
Sure, please confirm your request to add restaurant reservation located at 641 Santa Cruz Avenue on March 1st at 11 am.
Sure, that sounds good to me!
Your event has been successfully added!
Thank you so much for your help, that is all I need for now.
Sure, have a great day ahead!
I'm starved! I want to find an eatery.
Okay. What city? Do you want Italian or Indian food, or does a different type suit your fancy?
I want to see what Taiwanese eateries SFO has to offer.
Okay. I found 10 Taiwanese places at San Francisco, including Alice's.
Alice's sounds good.
Want a table there?
Yes I do.
At what time?
At seven in the evening.
You want to book a table for 2 at Alice's in San Francisco at 7 pm on March 1st?
I'm the only one eating there. Also, I'd rather eat at evening 5:30.
You instead want a table for 1 at 5:30 pm?
Yes. Does live music play there?
I booked your table. Live music does not play there.
Okay, thanks. I want to put this on my calendar.
I need a time and name. Also, will it be at 1599 Sanchez Street?
I'd like the event to be named Reservation at Alice's and set for evening 5:30. That's the right location.
Okay, I will add the event Reservation at Alice's, at 1599 Sanchez Street and scheduled at 5:30 pm on March 1st, to your calendar if you approve.
I approve of that.
I added it to your calendar.
Great! I need nothing more. Thanks.
Have a nice day. I hope you enjoy your food at Alice's.
I'm searching for a restaurant.
What metropolis ought I look in, and what type of cuisine are you loking for? You may suggest Indian, Mexican, or something else.
I'd like it in San Francisco, and I'd like some Szcheuan type of cuisine.
I discovered 10 diners. Alice's is a lovely diner located in San Francisco.
Yeah, that's fine by me.
Do you want to book a seat there?
Yeah, I'd like to make the booking.
When is the booking for?
Book it at seven in the evening.
Please verify the following information: Reserve a seat for 2 at Alice's in San Francisco on March 1st, 7 pm.
Yeah, that's fine by me.
Your booking is complete.
Thank you for your assistance. I'd like to put this onto my calendar.
Is the activity occurring at 1599 Sanchez Street? What title ought I label the activity with, and when is it?
Yeah, that's fine. Use Reservation at Alice's for the activity name, and the activity begins at seven in the evening.
Please verify the following information: the activity is Reservation at Alice's, located at 1599 Sanchez Street and slated to occur on MArch 1st, 7 pm.
Yeah, that sounds fine.
The activity has been placed onto your calendar.
Thank you for your assistance.
Could I assist you with something else?
No, thank you for your assistance.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
I'll be in Redwood City and need to find a place to eat.
What type of cuisine did you have in mind?
A place offering Sushi works for me.
May I suggest Sakura 2 Teppanyaki And Sushi, a nice Redwood City restaurant?
There's been a last-minute change of plans. My vegetarian friend will be available on that day. Could you please find me a bargain Middle eastern restaurant instead?
I recommend Rocknwraps And Kabobs, another nice Redwood City restaurant.
Please get me their phone number and find out whether they have alcohol.
They don't offer liquor, and can be reached by phone at 650-299-9551.
Sounds good to me!
Will you be needing my help with anything else?
Please go ahead and make a reservation for 7th of March at 6:30 pm.
Okay. Please confirm that you'd like to reserve a table for 2 at Rocknwraps And Kabobs in REdwood City, for 6:30 pm on March 7th.
That is correct.
I have successfully made your reservation.
Thanks a lot for your help. Please add the this to my calendar, with Reservation at Rocknwraps And Kabobs as the title.
Will it the reservation be at 2053 Broadway? What time should I schedule it?
That is correct. The reservation is 6:30 pm.
Let me see if I got the event information correctly: Reservation at Rocknwraps And Kabobs 2053 Broadway, at 6:30 pm, March 7th.
That's correct.
I have successfully added the reservation to your calendar.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful. That will be all for now.
Thank you, and do have yourself a great day!
I'm hanging out with my friend later and need to find somewhere for us to eat. Can you look up restaurants for me?
Sure, what kind of food?
I think anywhere with seafood would be perfect.
Ok, and what city will you be in?
Anywhere in San Francisco would be fine.
Ok, it looks like Akiko's Sushi Bar is a nice seafood restaurant in San Francisco. How about that?
Yeah, that sounds good. Can you make a reservation for me?
Sure. For what time?
I think a quarter past 6 in the evening should work.
Ok. To confirm, you want to make a reservation for 2 people at Akiko's SUshi Bar in San Francisco on March 1st at 6:15 pm. Is that right?
No, actually, our other friend will probably want to meet up too, so change that to 3 people at twelve pm.
Ok. To confirm, you want the reservation for 3 people at 12 pm. Is that right?
No, actually, change the whole thing to 4 people on March 8th.
Ok. To confirm, you want the reservation for 4 people on March 8th. Is that right?
Yes, that's right.
Ok, I've made your reservation.
Cool, thanks. Can you also add this to my calendar that day for morning 11:30?
Sure, what should I call it? And is 542 A Mason Street ok to use as the location?
Yes, that's fine. You can call it Restaurant reservation at Akiko's Sushi Bar.
Ok. To confirm, you want to add the event Restaurant reservation at AKiko's Sushi Bar located at 542 A Mason Street to your calendar on March 8th at 11:30 am. Is that right?
Yes, that's right.
Ok, the event has been added.
Great, thanks for your help.
Sure, anything else I can do?
No, that's all. Thanks.
No problem. Have a good day.
I want to try some different food, something like izakaya in san francisco
you're in luck, I have 10 results ready for you. Tell me if 2g japanese brasserie in san francisco is one you may like
I need to know about prices, are they intermediate priced?
they're moderate
I can still be a good choice for me
I can let you have a table there in a moment
yes, do your magic please
tell me the time you want to start eating your meal
I would like to go on march 7th at 18:00 and we will be in 2
confirm me the following plan. I'm about to reserve a table for 2 at 2g japanese brasserie in san francisco. You'll be there on march 7th at 6 pm
yes, you can go ahead and make it happen
I did my magical trick and now you will enjoy a nice meal!
talking about this place, can you tell me if they play live music and if I can buy alcohol there?
The alcohol is there but the live music is missing
thank you for all the precious information. It would be very useful to me to add this event to my calendar, use this title: reservation at 2g japanese brasserie
tell me the time I need to write for this event
It's 18:00
confirm me the address, I have 601 van ness avenue
it is correct, the time is 5:30 in the evening
I'll recap for you to see if I've all the info you want me to transfer to your calendar. I'll add an event named reservation at 2g japanese brasserie on march 7th at 5:30 pm, the address is 601 van ness avenue
yes, you can proceed now
It's final
thanks a big deal
may I assist you with some other thing?
No, you can't, you've done more than enough for me. Bye
goodbye sir
Can you please find me a place to eat?
Please tell me what kind of cuisine would you prefer - may be Mexican, Chinese, or maybe something else.
I'd go for some Fish.
In which city should I search?
Please find me one in San Francisco.
In San Francisco I recommend Akiko's Sushi Bar.
Please tell me their phone number.
You can reach them at 415-989-8218.
Perfect. Now let's book a table there!
At time do you want your reservation?
Please make it on the 11th at 6:30 in the evening.
Can you please confirm that you want me to book a table for 2 on March 11th at 6:30 pm at Akiko's Sushi Bar in San Francisco?
Yes, that's right.
I've successfully booked your table.
Do you know if they have live music.
Unfortunately they do not play live music.
Please tell me their address as well as if they serve alcohol.
They do serve liquor and they're located at 542 A Mason Street.
Thanks a lot. Please add this event to my calendar.
At what time.
Make it for 6:30 in the evening.
How should I name the event.
Name the event Restaurant reservation at Akiko's Sushi Bar.
Can you please confirm that you want me to add a calendar event named Restaurant reservation at Akiko's Sushi Bar on March 11th at 6:30 pm, with the event location 542 A Mason Street?
Yes, that's right.
I've successfully added the event.
Thanks, that will be all.
Have a nice day!
Get me a place for Pizza and Pasta, I need something average priced.
Where will you eat?
I want sunnyvale please.
Try out Gumba's in Sunnyvale.
Do they have live music? What is their number?
Sorry no music, you may phone them at 408-737-8384.
That's great thanks.
How about a table there?
Please, reserve a table for two at quarter past 6 in the evening on March 14th.
To be clear: table for 2 at Gumba's on March 14th at 6:15 pm in Sunnyvale?
No, change the time and day. I want 12:30 pm on the 10th.
Fine, I'm changing to 12:30 pm on March 10th?
Add a different change now. I'm bringing my daughter, make it for three.
Sure, 3 people for 12:30 pm right?
Yes, I think you got all my last minute changes. Where am I going?
The address is 176 South Murphy Avenue.
Please add this to my calendar.
Sure under what title and what time?
Well, reservation at Gumba's and 12:30 pm of course
Sure, to be sure: reservation at Gumba's on March 10th, 12:30 pm on 176 South Murphy Avenue.
You got it toots.
This is set for you.
Fine, thanks a lot.
Do you need another addition?
I don't, thanks.
Enjoy the meal.
I need a place to eat out.
Okay. What city did you want to eat in? And what kind of food are you looking for? I can look for Italian, Mexican, anything you want.
I'm looking to eat at St. Helena, and I'm in the mood for Southern food.
Okay, here's a nice place, Archetype, in St. Helena.
That sounds great. Go ahead and make a reservation at 11:00.
Okay, do I have this right? You want a table at Archetype in St. Helena at 11 am, and I'm guessing it's for 2 people, on March 1st.
You've got everything right.
I've got that all reserved for you.
Okay. I do want it put on my calendar. Can you call it Eat, and put it on for 10:30 in the morning? it's at 1429 Main Street.
Okay, to make sure I have this correct, you want an event called Eat, on March 1st, 10:30 am, at 1429 Main Street.
Yes, completely correct.
I've added that onto your calendar successfully.
Thanks so much! You've been very helpful!
Can I do anything else for you?
No, that's all
I hope you have a great day!
Where can I grab a bite?
What type of food do you want and where do you want it?
Some Curry in Novato would hit the spot.
OK. There are 2 good Indian restaurants in Novato. Try Batika India Bistro.
Nice. Sounds good.
I can get you a table.
Yes do that for the evening 6:45 on the 11th of this month. Three people.
party of 3 at Batika India Bistro in Novato at 6:45 pm on March 11th?
That is correct.
Batika India Bistro is busy then. Should I try for 6:30 pm on March 11th for 3?
Yeah, give it a shot.
Done. You have a table.
Great. Add that to my Calendar.
What should I name it? The location is 868 Grant Avenue?
Yes. Put it under Restaurant reservation at Batika India Bistro. Make it for quarter past 6 in the evening.
OK. Name of event is Restaurant reservation at Batika India Bistro. Location, 868 Grant Avenue. Date, March 11th. Time, 6:15 pm. Correct?
You got it.
OK, its added to your Calendar.
Thanks. That's all I need.
Take it easy then.
Can you find me a good restaurant for Vegetarian food?
In which city are you planning to dine?
I'm looking for something in Benicia.
There is 1 restaurant in Benicia, called Mai Thai Cuisine which is a nice one.
That sounds like a good one. I'd like to reserve a table there.
At what time are you planning to arrive at the restaurant?
I'm hoping to get there by 6:30 in the evening.
Reserving a table for 2 at Mai Thai Cuisine restaurant in Benicia for 6:30 pm on March 1st. Shall I proceed?
Yes, please go ahead. Can I get their location please?
Your table has been booked successfully. Their address is 807 1st Street.
Can you add this event to my calendar?
What would you like to call the event?
I'll go with Lunch at Mai Thai Cuisine as the title.
At what time should I schedule this event?
The same at the appointment at the restaurant; 6:30 in the evening.
Please confirm that you want to schedule an event titled Lunch at Mai Thai Cuisine for 6:30 pm on March 1st at the location 807 1st Street.
Yes, that is correct.
The event has been added to your calendar.
Thank you for the assistance.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No. Thank you. That's all for now.
Have a great day!
I'm searching for a restaurant, specifically, I'd like a place offering life songs.
What type of cuisine are you searching for, and what metropolis ought I look in?
I'd like it to be in Cupertino, and some fast food type of cusiine would be lovely.
There is a lovely diner called McDonald's in Cupertino.
Can you offer some other diner?
I was unable to get any diner suitable for your tastes. Could I assist you with something else?
Could you attempt to look again? Id like some Taiwanese type of cuisine would be lovely.
I discovered 1 diner. There is a lovely diner called A Plus Cafe in Cupertino.
Yeah, that's fine by me.
Could I assist you with something else?
I'd like to make a booking at a diner.
When is the booking for?
Book it at 12:15 in the afternoon.
Please verify the following information: a booking for 2 people at A Plus Cafe in Cupertino on March 1st, 12:15 pm.
Nah. Book it at evening 7:15 for one person.
Please verify the following information: a booking for 1 person at 7:15 pm.
Nah. It's for 2 people, and I'd like to book on the 10th.
Please verify the following information: a booking for 2 people on MArch 10th.
Yeah, that's fine by me.
I apologize, but I could not make the booking. Shuld I attempt to book for 2 at A Plus Cafe on March 10th, 7:30 pm?
Yeah, that's fine by me.
Your booking is complete.
Do they offer alcohol? Can you tell me their phone number?
They do offer liquor. Their contact number is 408-606-8976.
Thank you for your assistance. I want to put this onto my calendar.
When is the activity, and what title ought I use for the activity?
Use Reservation at A Plus Cafe for the activity name, and the time for the activity is 19:30.
Will the activity occur at 21267 Stevens Creek Boulevard #200?
Yeah, that's perfect.
Please verify the following information: an activity called Reservation at A Plus Cafe located at 21267 Stevens Creek Boulevard #200 at March 10th, 7:30 pm.
Yeah, that sounds perfect.
I put the activity onto your calendar.
Thank you for your assistance.
Could I assist you with something else?
Nope. Thank you for your assistance.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
I need a San Mateo restaurant please.
What kind of food, Chinese, Indian, or something else?
I want Oriental cuisine.
I have 6 possible places. How about the San Mateo restaurant called Izakaya Ginji?
Do they play live music? And what's the address?
No, they don't have live music and they are located at 301 East 4th Avenue.
That should work.
Would you like to book a table?
I would, for two people at 5:30 in the evening on the 3rd of this month.
Confirming a party of 2 at Izakaya Ginji in San Mateo at 5:30 pm, March 3rd.
Right. Do they have extravagant prices?
No, they are in the moderate price range. The reservation is complete.
Thank you. Please add that to my calendar.
At what time?
At 17:00 and you can call it restaurant reservation at Izakaya Ginji.
Confirming the event restaurant reservation at Izakaya Ginji at 301 East 4th Avenue, March 3rd at 5 pm.
Right, thank you.
The event has been added to your calendar.
Thanks, that should do it.
You're so welcome.
I have a plan to eat outside once for which I need your help to find some nice places. I also like to have Parisian foods. Can you find me the perfect one?
In which City you want to search for the places to eat and do you have any particular City in your mind?
Yes, search it in SFO.
What about a Restaurant name Amelie San Francisco which is the best place suitable to your requirements and the same is located in San Francisco.
I select this one and I want to reserve a table in that restaurant.
Let me know your convenient time to search for.
I want to book it at 12 pm.
Please confirm to book a table for 2 at Amelie San Francisco restaurant in San Francisco at 12 pm on March 1st.
Yes, that is confirmed to proceed.
Your table was successfully booked at this restaurant.
Can you check whether the price range is bargain type there? and also let me know their contact number for my reference.
They have moderate price range and their contact number is 415-292-6916 by which you can contact them any time.
That's nice and thanks for the same. Now I want to add this event to my calendar.
Do you want me to note the event's place as 1754 Polk Street?
Yes that is correct.
What is the time and name of this event to note it in your calendar?.
Please note it in the name Reservation at Amelie San Francisco and the time is 12 pm.
Please confirm to make a note of an event in the name Reservation at Amelie San Francisco and its time as 12 pm for the date March 1st and its location is 1754 Polk Street.
That is correct to proceed.
I have successfully noted this event to your calendar.
Thanks for the same and that's all for now.
Have a great day.
Will you find a cheap Mediterranean restaurant?
Which city?
Redwood City.
I found 1 restaurant. Rocknwraps And Kabobs is in Redwood City.
Perfect. Will you make a reservation at 5 pm?
Please confirm a table for 2 at Rocknwraps And Kabobs in Redwood City on March 1st at 5 pm.
That's fine.
I've made your reservation.
Will you add to my calendar the event Reservation at Rocknwraps And Kabobs located at 2053 Broadway at 5 pm?
Please confirm Reservation at Rocknwraps And Kabobs at 2053 Broadway on March 1st at 5 pm.
Fantastic.
I've added the event to your calendar.
Thanks.
Anything else?
That's all.
Have a wonderful day.
Hi, are there any nice Asian food in the Newark area?
Yes, there is 1 called Mumbai Chowk located in Newark.
That is fine with me, could you help me make a reservation there?
When do you intend to dine in?
Probably at afternoon 1.
Please confirm your reservation for 2 at Mumbai Chowk in Newark at 1 pm on March 1st.
Sure, I am fine with that.
Your reservation has been made.
Thank you, could you add this event to my calendar please?
Sure, what title would you like for the event and is it located at 35144 Newark Boulevard?
I guess so, could you title it Reservation at Mumbai Chowk and schedule it at afternoon 1?
Sure, please confirm your request to schedule an event titled Reservation at Mumbai Chowk at 1 pm on March 1st which is held at 35144 Newark Boulevard.
Sure, that is fine with me.
Your event has been added to your calendar.
Sure, that is all the help I need, thank you so much!
No worries, enjoy your meal!
I would like a place to eat in san Jose.
What type of food do you need?
I'd like some spicy indian which will be perfect. I'd like a place serving alcohol that is pricey.
I found 1 restaurant called Amber India in San Jose.
Yes, that will be good for me.
Do you want to reserve a table there?
Maybe at a later date.
Would I be able to help you with anything else?
Would you be able to find a salon there. I would like a salon in San Jose.
I have 10 salons including Atelier Salon Willow Glen in San Jose.
Yes, that is good. I'd like to book an appointment at a salon for five in the evening the 13th of this month.
Please confirm for the hair stylist Atelier Salon Willow Glen at 5 pm on March 13th.
Yes, that will be good. Will that be a unisex salon and what is its average rating?
The appointment is confirmed and is a unisex salon with an average rating of 4.3.
Would you like to try booking a table at the restaurant I like at half past 6 in the evening?
Please confirm a table for 2 March 13th at Amber India in San Jose at 6:30 pm.
Yes, that is great.
Sorry I couldn't make the reservation. Amber India is a nice place to eat. Do you want me to try to reserve for 2 on March 13th at 7 pm?
Yes, that would be great.
The reservation is a success.
I'd like to listen to music now.
What song do you want?
I would like Sick Boy.
Please confirm Sick Boy on TV.
No, I would like Knock Knock.
Please let me know if Knock Knock is playing on TV.
Yes, that is right. What type of music is it and what year did it come out?
Have fun with the music from 2014 that is a rock song.
Thanks so much. That is it.
Have a wondeful day.
I am starving to death.
What type of food do you want and where do you want it.
Japanese in SFO.
Try 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco.
What else do you recommend.
In San Francisco, Ace Wasabi Rock-n-roll Sushi.
Get me their phone number. Where are they at?
415-567-4903. You can find them at 3339 Steiner Street.
This sounds good.
Should I get you a table.
No, hold off.
What should I get you?
A unisex hair salon.
In San Francisco?
Yes, of course.
I have 10. There's 1512 Barber Shop in San Francisco.
Can you hook me up with a 6 o"clock in the evening appoinment?
Sure can try. What date?
On March 4th.
6 pm at 1512 Barber Shop on March 4th?
Yes. Also I need their address and phone.
Sorry. No go on the appointment. What else?
Try again for the 7th of this month at 14:15.
2:15 pm for 1512 Barber Shop on March 7th?
Yes, thats right.
No go again. 1512 Barber Shop must be busy. Should I try for 2:30 pm on March 7th?
Yeah, go for it.
Done. You are confirmed.
Great. Now lets do the table for three for the morning 11:15.
A table for 3 at Ace Wasabi Rock-n-roll Sushi in San Francisco? 11:15 am on March 7th?
Yes. Are they reasonably priced. Can I get loaded there?
Ace Wasabi Rock-n-roll Sushi does not have alcohol. But they are in the moderate price range. I couldn't get that slot, however. SHhuld I try for 3 people at 11:30 am on March 7th?
Yes, please do.
Done. You have a table.
Thanks. How about some tunes?
What do you have in mind.
Let it Burn.
let it Burn on the TV?
Yes. That works.
Playing. Enjoy the song.
Great, thank you.
You're welcome. What else?
Nothing. Thats it.
Great. See you later.
I need to find a place to eat
What city and what type of food are you looking for would you like Italian or Mexican or something else
I would like the Latin American food in Daly City
Celia's is a great restaurant in Daly City
Will they have live music
They don't have live music
Tell me the contact number please
Your contact number is 650-755-6213
Yes
Do you want me to reserve a table for you
Maybe the winter time would you help me find a salon there I'd like to find a salon in Daly City
Black & Gold Barber Lounge is a great Salon in Daly City
That sounds great I like to book an appointment on the 3rd of this month at 4:45 pm at the salon
Please confirm for the hair stylist at 4:45 pm march 3rd of this month for the black & gold Barber Lounge.
Yes that sounds great
Sorry I couldn't book an appointment for you the Black & Gold Barber Lounge has an appointment on March 3rd though at 5 pm.
Yes that sounds great
Your appointment has been confirmed
That sounds great can you book a table for 7 in the evening
Can you please confirm that you've booked a table for Celia's at 7 pm on March 3rd in Daly City for 2 people
that works me. what would be their address?
The reservation is the 6s the address is 379 Gellert Boulevard
I'd like to listen to Adorn on TV
Please confirm that you like the song Adorn on TV
That is definitely correct
Please enjoy the music
Thanks so much that will be all
Have a wonderful day
I am looking for a nice restaurant in SF.
Would you like American, Italian or something else?
Cambodian food would be great.
There are 10 options for you. Anh Hong is good and is in San Francisco.
Do they serve Alcohol.
Yes they do.
That suits me.
Would you like a table booked?
Possibly later on but could you also help me to find a salon?
In San Francisco?
Yes that is correct.
There is one called 1512 Barber Shop in San Francisco.
Yes that works for me could you make an appointment for me?
What date will I check?
On 9th of this month?
What time suits you best?
at evening 4:30.
To confirm then that is an appointment at 1512 Barber Shop at 4:30 pm on March 9th.
No actually could I have it at 13:15?
To confirm then that is an appointment at 1:15 pm on March 9th.
Yes that is right. What is their phone number?
It is 415-286-4371. Unfortunately I could not make that booking but it is a good salon so should I check 1512 Barber Shop at 1:30 pm on March 9th?
Yes that would be good.
You booking is successful.
What is their rating and where are they located?
They are at 1532 20th Street and their rating is 4.8.
Thanks so much now could we make a booking at the restaurant we previously discussed?
What time would you like?
at 11:30 please.
To confirm then that is a table for 2 at 11:30 am on March 9th, at Anh Hong restaurant in San Francisco.
Yes that suits me fine. Do they have live music and where are they located?
You booking is confirmed. They do not have any live music. Their address is 808 Geary Street.
Thanks for all that. Now could yoou assist me in listening to music. Put it on the television, Sex Metal Barbie or songs by In This Moment.
To confirm then I will play Sex Metal Barbie on the TV.
Yes that is good.
Enjoy the song.
Thanks so much.
Anything else I can do for you?
No thank you.
Have a lovely day.
I am searching for a place to eat.
What type of food do you need? It may be Mexican, American or anything else. In which city shall I search in?
I wish to have Ramen type of food in Union City.
Maneki Sushi Union City is a great restaurant in Union City.
Yes. it is good for me.
Do you need any other help?
Could you help me in finding a salon in Union City.
Precision Cutz is a wonderful salon in Union City.
Yes. it is good. Book an appointment at a salon.
When will you need an appointment? In which date do you need it?
I wish to visit the salon on March 10th at afternoon 3:30
Kindly ensure that, on March 10th, an appointment is made with the hair stylist Precision Cutz at 3:30 pm.
No. I wish to see the salon on tomorrow.
Kindly ensure that, on March 2nd an appointment is made with the hair stylist Precision Cutz.
Yes. it is good.
Your appointment is done.
Can you please help me in booking the table at the restaurant at 12 pm?
Kindly ensure that, on March 2nd, reservation has been done for 2 persons in Maneki Sushi Union City at Union City at 12 pm.
It is good for me. Will they provide liquor?
Your reservation is done. Sorry, they will not serve alcohol.
Whether they have live music?
Sorry. They do not have live music.
Thank you so much. I wish to listen to music now.
What type of song do you prefer?
I wish to listen to Despacito.
Kindly ensure that, Despacito song is played on TV
Yes. it is correct.
Enjoy with your music.
What type of genre do you prefer?
I like Pop song.
Thank you so much.
Do you need any other help?
No. thank you so much.
Have a wonderful day.
Find me a place to eat at.
Do you prefer Mexican, Indian, or something else and what city do you want to eat in?
I want some Himalayan food that is economical priced in Half Moon Bay.
Monsoon Himalayan Cuisine offers that in Half Moon Bay.
That is great. I need a salon to go to as well.
Do you want to visit a salon in Half Moon Bay?
Yes, I do.
Search found 1 result which is Main Barber in Half Moon Bay.
What are they rated?
They have a 4.7 rating.
That works for me. Book me an appointment at the salon.
What day do you want to go?
I want to go on the 2nd of March.
What time do you want to go there?
I wish to be there at 4:15 pm.
You want an appointment at Main Barber at 4:15 pm on March 2nd, correct?
That is right. Are they unisex and what is their location?
They are a unisex salon that is located at 765 MAIN STREET HALF. I couldn't get your salon time. Do you want to try 4 pm on March 2nd at Main Barber?
That works for me.
Your booking is complete.
I need a table for 1 at evening 6:30 at the previous restaurant.
You want a table for 1 person at Monsoon Himalayan Cuisine at Half Moon Bay on March 2nd for 6:30 pm, correct?
That is right. What is the venue's location?
Your booking is done and you can visit them at 20 Stone Pine Road.
How do I contact them?
You can contact them at 650-713-0826.
Thanks a bunch. I want to listen to some Billy Currington right now.
Do you have a particular song in mind?
I want to hear Let Me Down Easy.
You want to cast the song Let Me Down Easy on the TV, right?
That is right. What genre is it and what album is it on?
Your song is starting. The genre is Country and it is on the Enjoy Yourself album.
Thanks a bunch. That is everything for now.
Have a great day.
I want a place to eat that serves alcohol
Any specific type of food you are interested in- Mexican, Indian or something else?
I am looking for Asian Fusion
Which city are you looking in?
I want one in SF
I have found 9 restaurants for you in San Francisco. How about the butterfly restaurant?
Is it reasonably priced? what is the address?
The price range is moderate and are located in 33 the embarcadero
Cool. I also want to find a unisex salon there.
In san francisco right?
Yes, that is correct
How about 1512 barber shop in san francisco?
tell me their contact number
It is 415-286-4371
Okay, book me an appointmnet there
What time and date should I book it for?
Book one for wednesday next week at quarter past 4 in the evening
Booking a appointment at 1512 barber shop pn march 6th at 4:15 pm
Cool. What is the rating and address.
The address to 1512 barber shop is 1532 20th street and have a rating of 4.8. I could not book the previous appointment, how about one for 4 pm an march 6th instead?
Cool, fine with me.
Your appointment is successfully booked.
Could you also book a table for me at the previous restaurant?
Sure, what time should I book it for?
Book one at 5:30 pm
Booking a table for 2 at Butterfly restaurant San Francisco at 5:30 pm on March 6th
Cook, sounds perfect
Your booking is confirmed.
DO they have live music?
No, unfortunately not.
That's okay. I want to listen to chicco by shahzoda on my bedroom speaker
playing chicco on bedroom speaker
Cool. What album is that?
It is from bu Muhabbat
Thanks a lot.
It was my pleasure. anything else I can help with?
No, thanks again.
Enjoy your music!
I am looking to a place to eat dumplings.
What city do want to search?
The city is Santa Rosa.
In Santa Rosa, I have Gary Chu's.
What is the address and budget?
They are moderate and on 611 5th Street.
Is there anything else?
In Santa Rosa, I have Kirin.
I accept and also need a unisex salon in Santa Rosa.
In Santa Rosa, I have Elle Lui Hair Salon.
I also accept this.
Do you want appointment?
Yes, March 11th of March at 5:30 pm.
Confirm March 11th at 5:30 pm for Elle Lui Hair Salon.
Yes that is good.
You are now confirmed.
Go ahead and book restaurant too.
What time do you want?
For half past 7 in the evening.
Confirm March 11th for 2 at 7:30 pm for Kirin in Santa Rosa.
Yes that will work.
You are now confirmed.
Thanks for the help.
Is there anything else?
I want to hear music from Taylor Swift.
Is there a song you want?
The Story of Us.
Confirm on TV, The Story of Us.
Thanks, what year and album is it?
The album Speak Now from 2010.
That is all I need today.
Have a great day.
Find me a place to eat in Burlingame.
What type of cuisine?
Italian will be perfect.
How about Cafe La Scala Italian Rest. in Burlingame?
Yes, that's perfect.
Do you need a reservation?
Not now. Can you find me a unisex salon in Burlingame?
I found you 10 salons. How about the Burlingame Barber Shop in Burlingame?
What's the average rating?
The average rating 4.7.
Can I have the address?
The address is 1012 Oak Grove Avenue.
Sounds good. I want to book an appointment.
For what time and date?
Try March 10th at 4 in the evening.
Confirming that you want an appointment at Burlingame Barber Shop for March 10th at 4 pm.
Sounds good. The contact number?
You can reach them at 650-342-1602.
Will you book me a table at that restaurant?
For what time?
Try 5:30 pm.
Confirming that you want a table for 2 at Cafe La Scala Italian Rest. in Burlingame. Your reservation is for March 10th at 5:30 pm.
Yes. Do they serve alcohol?
Yes, alcohol is served. Your reservation is successful.
Thanks. Play some music, please.
What song would you like to listen to?
Cast Laila Main Laila on the television.
Confirming that you want to play Laila Main Laila on the TV.
Yes. Is this song from five years ago?
It is from 2017. Enjoy your music!
What genre is this?
It's a South Asia song.
Thanks! That will be all.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I need to get something to eat.
What are you hungry for? You can ask for Italian, American or what ever else you feel like. Oh, and what city should I search in?
Could you find me a Burgers place in Union City.
There is a Texas Roadhouse in Union City, it looks pretty good.
I also need to find a salon there, What are some located in Union City.
There is Precision Cutz they are located in Union City.
They sound okay.
Do want a reservation there?
Yes, please get me in.
What time would like me to book?
I need to make that for March 1st at say 5:30 in the evening.
I will make your appointment for 5:30 pm on March 1st at Precision Cutz is that correct?
Yes excellent.
Your appointment has been booked.
Could try at that restaurant, you know the one I liked, Try to make it for half past 7 in the evening.
Is this right - a table for 2 on March 1st at 7:30 pm in Union City at the Texas Roadhouse?
That's what I asked for. Do you know if they play live music there? Do they have number I can get from you?
I was able to reserve your table. They do not have live music and here is the number 510-324-7623.
Thanks you, you know I feel like listening to some music right now.
What song did you have in mind?
I want to hear Aftertaste on the TV.
You want to hear Aftertaste on the TV, correct?
Yes, hey what album is it from? Was is released six years ago?
It is from the 2015 album Handwritten. Enjoy your song.
Thanks you can go know.
Have a nice day.
I am searching for a place to eat in SFO.
What type of food you want? like Italian, Mexican or any more else.
French type of food will be perfect.
There is one nice restaurant called Amelie San Francisco which located in San Francisco.
Can you tell me about other restaurant ? price is not a matter for me.
I searched 9 restaurants for you. One of the nice restaurant is located at san francisco called Aquitaine Wine Bar & Bistro
Is there a live music?
No, there is no live music.
Yes. this is okay for me.
Are you like to book a table there?
No, will see later. Could you help me to search salon there? I like to find a unisex salon in SFO.
I have selected 10 salons of your choice. One of the nice salon located at San Francisco called 1512 Barber Shop.
Can you tell me its contact number?
Contact number is 415-286-4371.
Can you tell me its average rating?
4.8 is the average rating of the salon.
This is fine.
Can i make a appointment there?
Yes, i want to book an appointment.
On what date you want the appointment?
I want the appointment on 11th of this month.
At what time you want the appointment?
Evening 4:15 i need the appointment.
Please give confirmation details: The salon name is 1512 Barber Shop and the appointment date is on march 11th at 4:15 pm.
Yes. this is perfect. Can you tell me its address?
1532 20th street is the Salon address. Sorry, i could not get the appointment at 1512 Barber Shop. What about your appointment on march 11th at 4:30 pm?
Yes. this is okay for me.
Your appointment is over.
Thank you so much. Can you book the table in a restaurant i liked? and it is for 4 people.
At what time you want me to reserve?
Do it at afternoon 1:30 for 3 people.
Please give confirmation details: Table booking at Aquitaine Wine Bar & Bistro which is in san francisco for 3 people on march 11th at 1:30 pm.
Yes. this is okay for me. Are they provide liquor?
No, they don't provide liquor. Your booking is confirmed.
Can i know the contact number and street address?
175 Sutter Street is the address and the contact number is 415-402-5290.
Thank you so much. I like to hear some music now. Play it on display. I like to hear Burning Man by Dierks Bentley.
Please give confirmation details:Run the song burning man on TV.
Fine. This is correct.
Have fun with your music.
Can i know the song is from which album and is it from nine years back?
This song is from the album The mountain and this song is from the year 2018.
Thank you so much.
Do you have anything else that i can help you with?
No, thanks for the help.
Have a great day.
Find me a place to eat at.
Do you like Mexican, Italian or another type of food and where should I search at?
I want Coffee & light bites in SF.
Search revealed 10 locations. Acquolina is in San Francisco.
Do they have alcohol?
They do not have any alcohol.
What is their price range and their contact number?
They have moderate prices and you can reach them at 415-781-0331.
What else can you find? Price doesn't matter to me.
Broadway Dim Sum is in San Francisco.
That is good. I need a salon there too.
Do you want to go to a salon in San Francisco?
Yes, I want a unisex salon too.
Search revealed 10 results. 1512 Barber Shop is a unisex salon in San Francisco.
Can you tell me their location and their rating?
They are located at 1532 20th Street and they have a 4.8 rating.
That works for me. Make me a booking there for the 9th of this month.
What time do you want to go?
I want to go there at 4:30 pm.
You want an appointment on March 9th at 4:30 pm at 1512 Barber Shop, correct?
That is correct.
I can't make that booking. Do you need more help?
Try to book an the 14th of March at 5:30 pm.
You want an appointment on March 14th at 5:30 pm at 1512 Barber Shop, correct?
That is right? How can I contact them?
Your booking is complete and you may contact them at 415-286-4371.
Thanks a bunch. Book me a table at the earlier restaurant.
What time do you want to eat?
I want to eat at 7:45 pm.
You want a table for 2 at Broadway Dim Sum in San Francisco at 7:45 pm on March 14th, correct?
That is right.
I can't book that time. Does 7:30 pm for 2 on March 14th at Broadway Dim Sum work for you?
That is fine.
Your booking is complete.
Where are they located at?
You can find them at 684 Broadway.
Are there any live bands there?
They do not offer live bands.
Thanks a bunch. I ant to listen to some music now.
Do you have a particular song in mind?
Play Stage Show right now.
You want to cast the song Stage Show on the TV, correct?
No, play it on the kitchen device.
You want to cast the song Stage Show to the Kitchen Speaker, correct?
That is right.
Have a good time.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need more help?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a great time.
Can you help me to find a good restaurant?
Are you looking for specific cuisine like Indian or Mexican?
I'm craving for some Barbecue. So, that's what I'll have.
In which city are you located?
I'm in Oakland.
There are 10 barbecue restaurants in Oakland and Chop Bar is one of the nice ones.
What are the other restaurants?
Do you want to consider Duchess Oakland in Oakland?
Yes, that sounds like a good one to me.
Shall I reserve a table for you here?
Not now. Maybe later.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can you find me a unisex salon in or around Oakland?
I would like to recommend 17 Jewels Salon among the 10 salons in Oakland.
Thank you for that suggestion.
Shall I get you an appointment here?
Yes, please go ahead and book me one.
On what date and at what time would you like your appointment?
Can you see if something is available at 18:15 on March 9th?
Please confirm that you want an appointment at 17 Jewels Salon at 6:15 pm on March 9th.
Can you change that to half past 3 in the afternoon on March 1st?
Sure. So, you would like your appointment at 3:30 pm on March 1st. Is that correct?
Yes, that's right. Can you get me their address please?
Your appointment has been booked successfully. The salon is located at 4801 Telegraph Avenue.
And what's their phone number?
Their phone number is 510-653-1059.
Thanks a bunch! Can you get me a table at that restaurant that I liked?
At what time would you be arriving at the restaurant?
I'm planning to be there by half past 5 in the evening.
Please confirm that you want to reserve a table for 2 at the Duchess Oakland restaurant in Oakland at 5:30 pm on March 1st.
That sounds okay to me. Can you get me their address and phone number please?
Your table has been reserved successfully. Their address is 5422 College Avenue and their phone number is 510-871-3463. Hope you enjoy your meal there!
Thank you for the assistance. Can you play the song No Sleep on my Bedroom speaker. I feel like winding down and relaxing.
Proceeding to play No Sleep on your Bedroom speaker. Shall I play it?
Hold on. Can you cast it on the television instead?
Sure. So, you would like to cast the song No Sleep on your TV. Is that correct?
Right. What album is it from and what is the genre of the song?
It is a House song from the album The Martin Garrix Experience. Enjoy your music.
Thank you. That's all I need for now.
Have a great day!
I need a place to eat.
What city would you like to search in?
Try SFO.
Do you desire Indian, Mexican, or some other type of food?
Parisian food would be perfect.
I found 10 restaurants. How about Amelie San Francisco in San Francisco?
Yes, that sounds good. Can you help me find a unisex salon in SFO?
I found 10 salons. How about 1512 Barber Shop in San Francisco?
Can you give me their rating and address?
They have a rating of 4.8. Their address is 1532 20th Street.
Sounds good. I'd like to make an appointment. Try finding an opening on the 5th of this month at 1:30 in the afternoon.
Confirming that you want an appointment at 1512 Barber Shop on March 5th at 1:30 pm?
Yes, that's correct.
Sorry but I was unable to book your appointment. Can I help you with anything else?
Try again for 2:45 pm.
Please confirm the following: You need an appointment at 1512 Barber Shop for March 5th at 2:45 pm.
No, I want it for Thursday next week.
Please confirm the following: You need an appointment for March 7th at 2:45 pm.
Yes. What is the phone number?
The phone number for 1512 Barber Shop is 415-286-4371. I was unable to book your appointment. Would you like me to try March 7th at 3 pm?
Yes, try that.
I have successfully booked your appointment.
Thanks. Can you book me a table for one at that restaurant?
Sure. For what time?
I need a reservation for two at 1 pm.
Please confirm the following: You need a table for 2 at Amelie San Francisco in San Francisco for March 7th at 1 pm?
Yes, that will do. Can I get the address and phone number?
The address is 1754 Polk Street and you can contact them at 415-292-6916. Sorry, I was unable to make your reservation for 2 at Amelie San Francisco. Would you like me to try March 7th at 12:30 pm?
Yes, that works.
Your reservation is complete.
Thank you for helping me with that. Can you cast me some music on my bedroom speaker? Play Wicked.
You want me to play the song Wicked on your Bedroom speaker?
Yes, that is correct.
I hope you enjoy your music!
Thanks!
Do you need anything else?
No, thank you very much!
You're welcome. Have a good day.
I'm looking for somewhere to eat.
Is there a particular kind of food you like? For example Mexican, Chinese, or anything else? What cit do you want to look in?
I'm looking for a Pasta place in Los Gatos.
There are 8 matches. Aldo's Ristorante & Bar in Los Gatos is nice.
Okay, I'll try that.
Do you want to reserve a table?
Let's do that later.
What else can I do for you?
Help me look for a unisex salon there.
A salon that is in Los Gatos?
Yes, in Los Gatos.
There are 6 salons that match. Great Clips in Los Gatos is nice.
Where are the specifically located?
They are at 15992 Los Gatos Boulevard.
Can you also give me their phone number and their average rating?
408-358-2232 is their phone number and 3.8 is their average rating.
Okay, that's good.
Do you want to make an appointment?
Yes, please do that.
What is the date and time you'd like the appointment?
It should be for the 10th of this month at 15:30.
I'll make the appointment for March 10th at 3:30 pm at Great Clips. Is this what you want?
No, I want it for 2:45 in the afternoon, sorry.
I'll make the appointment for March 10th at 2:45 pm, is this what you want?
No, I actually want to go on March 13th.
I'll make the appointment for March 13th at 2:45 pm, is this what you want?
Yes, that's right.
I'm sorry, but the appointment at Great Clips didn't go through. Would you like to try March 13th at 3 pm?
Yes, try that one.
The appointment has been booked.
Thanks a lot. That restaurant we talked about, I want a table for two at 18:00.
I'll book a table for 2 at Aldo's Ristorante & Bar in Los Gatos for March 13th at 6 pm. Is this what you want?
Yes, that's it. What's their phone number?
I'm sorry but the booking did not go through. What else would you like me to do?
Try to book another table, this time for one person at 5:15 pm.
I'll book a table for 1 at Aldo's Ristorante & Bar in Los Gatos for March 13th at 5:15 pm. Is this what you want?
Yes, try that.
I'm sorry but the booking did not go through. Would you like me to try a table for 1 at Aldo's Ristorante & Bar in Los Gatos for March 13th at 5 pm. Is this what you want?
Okay, try that one.
The table has been booked.
Nice. Now I want to listen to some tunes.
What song do you have in mind?
I could go for Sun.
I'll play Sun on the TV, is this okay?
Yeah, that's fine by me.
Enjoy the song.
Thanks, that's all for now.
Have pleasant day.
Help me find somewhere to eat. Any price is fine.
Is there a specific cuisine you like, for example Indian, Chinese, or anything else?
I want to go to a Coffeehouse.
What city would you like to look in?
I want to look in Mountain View.
There are 3 matches. Bajis Cafe in Mountain View is nice.
Okay, that sounds good. I also want to look for a salon in Mountain View.
There are 9 matches. Bollywood Beauty Salon in Mountain View is nice.
Okay, let's go with that. Make an appointment for me for the 14th of this month at the evening 6:15.
I'll make you an appointment for Bollywood Beauty Salon on March 14th at 6:15 pm, is this correct?
Wait, no. I want it on the 1st at 5 pm, my mistake.
So the appointment is for March 1st at 5 pm?
Yes, that's right.
I've made the appointment.
Back to that restaurant, can you book me a table?
What time would you like the table?
I want it at half past 7 in the evening, just for 1 person.
I'll book you a table for 1 at Bajis Cafe in Mountain View for March 1st at 7:30 pm, is that correct?
Yes, please book it.
I've booked the table.
Now I'd like some music to relax to.
What song did you have in mind?
I was thinking Yottabyte.
I'll play Yottabyte on the TV, is that okay?
Yeah, that would be super cool.
Enjoy the song.
Thanks. That's all for now.
Have a pleasant day.
Hi! Can you help me find a nice restaurant?
I'd be happy to help. Where are you located? What type of food would you like? You can narrow down the search by specifying something like American or Mexican.
I'm in the mood for some Peruvian food in Richmond.
There is 1 restaurant in Richmond that meets your needs. It is caled Inca's Palace.
That works for me.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Not right now.
What else can I do for you today?
I'd like to find a salon in Richmond.
May I suggest Tommy Cuts in Richmond?
What is the phone number?
You can reach them at 510-236-9062.
That sounds great. I'd like to make an appointment.
When would you like to make that appointment?
I'd like to visit on March 1st.
What time works best for you?
Please make it at 17:00.
You'd like to visit Tommy Cuts on March 1st at 5 pm. Is this correct?
Yes, that's correct. Can you tell me the address of the salon?
It is located at 12221 San Pablo Avenue. Your appointment has been successfully booked.
Great! Can you make a reservation at the restaurant we talked about earlier? I'd like it for 1 person at 19:30.
You'd like a table for 1 at Inca's Palace in Richmond on March 1st at 7:30 pm. Is this correct?
That is perfect.
Your table has been booked.
Thank you. Can you play some music for me?
I'd be happy to. What would you like to hear?
I'd like to hear Under You.
Would you like to play Under You on the TV speakers?
Yes, that's fine.
Your selection has begun.
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be everything. Thanks again.
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
I need a place to eat.
Would you like to try Indian, Mexican or some other type of food? Also, what city should I search in?
Find me some Greek food in Campbell.
I found 1 restaurant. How about Opa! Campbell in Campbell?
Yes, that will work.
Would you like a reservation?
Not right now.
Do you need anything else?
Yes. I need to find a salon. Something unisex in Campbell.
You might like Bella Capelli Salon in Campbell.
What's the address?
They are located at 2160 South Bascom Avenue.
Sounds good. I want to book an appointment.
For what time?
Try for the evening 4:30.
What date would you like?
Try for the 6th.
Confirming that you would like an appointment at the Bella Capelli Salon for March 6th at 4:30 pm.
Yes, sounds good.
Sorry I was unable to book the appointment. Can I help you with something else?
Try again. Try the 13th of this month at 3 in the afternoon.
Please confirm the following: I am booking you an appointment at the Bella Capelli Salon for March 13th at 3 pm.
Yes. Can I get the phone number?
You can reach the salon at 408-371-2051. Your appointment is confirmed.
Thank you. I would like to book a table at that restaurant, now.
For what time?
Try making it for half past 5 in the evening.
Please confirm that you want to book a reservation for 2 at Opa! Campbell in Campbell. The reservation is for March 13th at 5:30 pm.
Yes, that works.
I have successfully booked your reservation.
Can you play Pond Creek Road by Upchurch on display?
I will play the song Pond Creek Road on TV.
Yes, do that. What album is this song on? What year did it come out?
The song came out in 2018 and is from the album Creeker. Enjoy your music!
Thanks!
Do you need anything else?
No, but thanks!
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
Find a place to eat
In what city?
San Leandro
American or Italian food? Or another type of cuisine?
Japanese food sounds good
I've found 1 in San Leandro. How about Tsuru Sushi Japanese Restaurant?
Sure. Are there any salons nearby?
Near San Leandro?
Yes. One that is unisex preferably.
I've found 2 in San Leandro. How about Sofia African Hair Braiding?
Can you book an appointment for half past 4 in the evening on the 12th of March?
Sure. So you would like an appointment for 4:30 pm on March 12th at Sofia African Hair Braiding, correct?
Yes please. What's their rating?
I've made your reservation. Their rating is 3.9.
What's their address and number?
15208 East 14th Street. You can call them at 510-415-3420.
Thanks so much.
Anything else I can help with?
Sure. Can you book a table for that restaurant you mentioned?
For what time?
For one person at six in the evening.
Sure. So you want a table for 1 at 6 pm on March 12th at Tsuru Sushi Japanese Restaurant in San Leandro.
Yes that's perfect.
I've made your reservation.
Thanks. Can you play some music?
What song would you like?
I'd like to hear Wojenka.
You'd like to hear Wojenka on the TV?
Yes. Can you tell me when it came out and who sings it?
Sure. It's by Lao Che from 2015.
Thanks. That's all.
Have a great day.
I want a place to eat
what kind of food?
some szcheuan food in sfo
There are 10 restaurants in san francisco. What about alice's restaurant?
any other place?
bamboo restaurant is in san francisco
I like this place, by the way, can you help me find the salon?
Do you want to find one in san francisco?
yes that works
I found 10 salons there. I'd recommend 1512 barber shop at san Francisco
Sounds good. I wanna go there on the 6th
what time do you want it?
it's at 16:00
stylist is 1512 barber shop at 4 pm on march 6th
what is the address?
It is 1532 20th street
Sounds great, I want to book a table for 4 people at 2 in the afternoon at the restaurant just mentioned.
book table bamboo restaurant in san francisco at 2 pm for 4 people march 6th
yes that works
sorry I could not make it
Make it 6:30 in the evening for 1 person
bamboo restaurant in san francisco at 6:30 pm for 1 person march 6th
yes that works. Does it serve alcohol?
Of course, it does. Your booking was succesful.
I'd like to listen to some music. Can you cast it on TV?
what song do you want?
I want ghost from halsey
play ghost on tv
yes that is right
enjoy the tune
thanks a lot
have a good one
I'd like to find a restaurant in Alameda please.
What type of food?
I want Italian food.
How about C'era Una Volta in Alameda?
Okay, good. I also need a salon there.
In Alameda, you mean?
Yes, that's right.
I have 8 possible salons for you. Al's Barber Shop is in Alameda.
What else is there?
I also have Great Clips in Alameda.
Great, can I set up an appointment?
What time would you like that to be?
In the afternoon 3, on the 14th.
Confirming an appointment on March 14th at 3 pm at Great Clips.
Great. Where is it and what's their rating?
The appointment is all set. It's located at 4045 East Castro Valley Boulevard and has a 4.3 rating.
Okay, thanks. I'd like to make a restaurant reservation, too at 5:45 in the evening for two.
Confirming a table for 2 at C'era Una Volta in Alameda on March 14th at 5:45 pm.
Great, thank you.
I'm sorry, I couldn't book that table. Would you like to try C'era Una Volta on March 14th at 6 pm for 2?
Okay, that's fine.
The table has been reserved.
I also want to find some Agnes Obel songs.
What title in particular?
How about Riverside?
Confirming playback of Riverside on the TV speaker.
Great, thank you.
You're very welcome.
I appreciate it.
Anything else today?
No, I'm good.
Thank you very much.
Will you find a restaurant?
Which city? Kind of food?
Diner in Mountain View.
I found 5. Eureka! is in Mountain View.
Their number and address?
191 Castro Street. 650-426-0582.
Cool.
Reserve a table?
Later. Will you find a salon there?
Salon in Mountain View?
Yes.
Bollywood Beauty Salon, in Mountain View.
Great.
Make a reservation?
Yes. Make it half past 3 in the afternoon March 4th.
Please confirm an appointment at Bollywood Beauty Salon on March 4th at 3:30 pm.
Yes.
I've made your appointment.
Thanks. Will you reserve a table at Eureka! at 5:30 in the evening?
Please confirm table for 2 at Eureka! in Mountain View on March 4th at 5:30 pm.
Yes.
I've made your reservation.
Is it costly? They serve alcohol?
Moderate. They do serve alcohol.
Thanks. Will you play the song Sorry?
Please confirm Sorry playing on TV.
Nice. Who's the singer?
Justin Bieber. Enjoy!
Thanks.
Anything else?
That's all.
Have a great day.
I am searching for a place to eat.
In which city should i search?
I am searching around El Cerrito.
What type of food you want? like italian, chinese etc.
Korean type of food is okay for me.
I searched 1 nice restaurant of your choice called Ancient Szechuan at El Cerrito.
What about the price range? Is there a live music?
The cost is moderate and there is no live music.
This is perfect for me. Could you help me to find a salon in El cerrito?
I searched 1 nice salon for you at El Cerrito called Chop Salon & Spa.
Okay this is perfect. I like to take appointment in this salon at 17:30.
On which date you want to take the appointment?
On march 11th i like to visit.
Please give confirmation details: Appointment at 5:30 pm on march 11th in a Chop Salon & Spa.
This is perfect. Can i know its contact number and address?
6493 Portola Drive is the address & contact number is 510-649-7843. Your booking is confirmed.
Can you try reserving table at the restaurant i liked?
At what time you want the reservation?
Do it at 8 pm.
Please give confirmation details: Table booking at Ancient Szechuan Restaurant in El Cerrito city on march 11th at 8 pm and the booking is for 2 people.
Fine. This is okay for me. Can i know the contact number?
Sorry, i could not book the table. Can i do any other help?
Please try booking again and do it at 7 in the evening.
Please give confirmation details: Table booking at Ancient Szechuan Restaurant in El Cerrito city on march 11th at 7 pm and the booking is for 2 people
Yes this is perfect.
Your booking is successful.
Thanks a lot. Noe i want hear some music. Play it on my speaker in the kitchen.
Which song you want to hear?
I like to hear Sorry.
Please give confirmation details: Run the song Sorry on my kitchen speaker.
Yes. this is okay for me. Can you tell me the type of song and who is the singer?
Have fun with your music. Justin Bieber was the singer and it is a pop song.
Thanks a lot and that's all i want.
Have a nice day.
Hey! Reena, I wish to have some good dishes. Do you know any good place to eat?
Where wish to have food and what kind of food do you wish to have?
If you can find some Cambodian kind of food in Santa Rosa, that would be perfect.
Okay! There is a Sea Noodle Bar restaurant at Santa Rosa. Do you wish to eat here?
Please, if you have any other, let me know?
Okay! how about the Sea Thai Bistro, which has a good rating in Santa Rosa?
Yup, sounds good to me.
Do you want any other help?
Please can you help me to find a good hair stylist there?
In Santa Rosa or anywhere else?
Yup, there only. If unisex salon is available, that would be good.
Okay, there is one Salon, Elle Lui Hair Salon, which is a nice one in Santa Rosa.
Please anything else?
Yup, how about Exclusive Spa at Santa Rosa?
Any other salons please?
What do you think about Leading Edge Salon at Santa Rosa?
Yup, sounds good. Do you they have phone number? What's the customer's average rating of the salon?
You can reach them at 707-575-5551 and they have an average rating of 4.7, which is pretty good.
Yup, sounds great. Please can you help me to schedule an appointment at this salon?
Sure, at what time?
Please make it for next Monday at four in the evening.
Please can you confirm me that you wish to book an appointment on March 4th at 4 pm with Leading Edge Salon, right?
Yup, sounds good.
Okay! your schedule is confirmed.
Thanks a bunch. Please can you help me to book a table at the preferred restaurant at 13:45 for four people?
Sure. Please can you confirm me that you wish to book a table at Sea Thai Bistro in Santa Rosa on March 4th at 1:45 pm for 4 people, right?
Yup, that works for me. Is live music available there?
Sorry, the system crashed and your reservation is unsuccessful. Do you want me try the reservation again for 4 people at Sea Thai Bistro on March 4th at 1:30 pm? Sorry about that they don't have live music.
Okay, this works to me.
I've booked successfully to you.
Please can you cast some good music in my bedroom? I wish to listen to the song No Other Love or any songs by Common Kings?
Okay! Please can you confirm me that you wish to listen to No Other Love in your Bedroom speaker, right?
Yup, thats correct.
Have a nice time with your music.
Thanks much. That's all. I'm done with.
Have a wonderful day.
find me a place to eat.
What kind of food are you looking for Mexican or Italian or something else?
Malaysian will be good
which city to look in?
Search in Milpitas
There is the Banana leaf restaurant in Milpitas
That is ok
should i book a table here?
no, not now
Any thing else?
Find me a unisex salon in Milpitas
i got 4 of them. Milpitas has Apple Salon Hair & Nails
whats the address?
Its 1216 South Abel Street
And the contact number?
Its 408-644-5852
ok, thats good
should i book an appointment here?
yes please do
at what time?
at half past 3 in the afternoon
and on what date?
make it march 12th
Please confirm: Booking an appointment at the Apple Salon Hair & Nails for March 12th at 3:30 pm
no, wait, make it three in the afternoon
Please confirm: Booking an appointment on March 12th at 3 pm
no, make it 8th of this month
Please confirm: Booking an appointment at the Apple Salon Hair & Nails for March 8th
yes, that is right, whats their average rating?
your appointment is booked. Its 4.1 rated
ok, now book the table at the restaurant
at what time?
make it 12:30 in the afternoon
please confirm: Booking a table for 2 at Banana leaf restaurant in Milpitas on march 8th 12:30 pm
thats is right
i is booked
please play some music on my bedroom device, i was thinking of Brunettes shoot blondes
which song to play?
play Knock knock
Please confirm: Playing Knock Knock on the bedroom speaker
yes, ok. is the song from 2011?
no, its 2014
thanks thats all
have a great day!
Will you find an expensive restaurant in San Fran?
Any preference? American, Mexican or something else?
Pizza and Pasta.
I found 10. Ala Romana is in San Francisco.
Live music?
No.
Address and contact number?
1098 Jackson Street. 415-292-3699.
Yes. Will you find a unisex salon in San Fran?
I found 10. 1512 Barber Shop is in San Francisco.
Great. Will you make an appointment?
What date and time?
five pm on 8th of March.
Please confirm an appointment at 1512 Barber Shop on March 8th at 5 pm.
Yes.
I've made your appointment.
Will you find a restaurant?
What time?
7 in the evening.
Please confirm table for 2 at Ala Romana in San Francisco on March 8th at 7 pm.
Cool.
I've made your reservation.
Thanks. Will you play songs by Camila Cabello on Kitchen speaker?
Any preference?
Consequences.
Please confirm Consequences playing on Kitchen speaker.
Is it from 2019? Which album?
Camila, 2018. Enjoy.
Thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
I want to find a restaurant.
Would you like Chinese cuisine, Mexican cuisine, or something else?
I want to find a barbecue place in San Jose.
There are 10 restaurants to choose from in San Jose. How about 71 Saint Peter?
What else is there?
Also in San Jose is Bazille.
What's the phone number there?
It is 408-261-5787.
Okay, great, thanks.
Do you want to make a reservation there?
Perhaps in a bit. I need to find a unisex salon please.
In San Jose?
Yes, that's right.
How about the San Jose salon Atelier Salon Willow Glen?
Okay, sounds fine.
Would you like to book an appointment?
Yes, please do.
At what time please?
Do it at 14:30 please.
On what date?
The 6th of this month.
Confirming a 2:30 pm appointment on March 6th at Atelier Salon Willow Glen.
Thank you. What are they rated? And could you give me the phone number?
The rating is 4.3 and the salon's number is 408-293-3494. Your reservation is complete.
Thanks. Would you make a reservation now at that restaurant? Two people in the afternoon 12:15.
Confirming a table for 2 on March 6th at 12:15 pm in San Jose at Bazille.
Great. Do they play live music there, do you know?
They do not, I'm sorry. I apologize, I couldn't book a table for you. Would you like to try March 6th at 12 pm for 2 at Bazille?
That's no problem.
The table has been booked.
Thanks a lot. I want to hear some music now, something like Knees.
Confirming playback of the song Knees on your TV.
Perfect, thank you.
Enjoy the song.
Thanks again, I will.
Anything else today?
I don't think so.
Thank you very much.
Hello, I wish to go out to have some food. Please can you find a good place to dine that serves alcohol too?
Do you prefer to have Mexican, Indian, Italian, American or anything else? where are you looking for exactly?
Please find some American food in Redwood City.
Okay! there is a very good rating restaurant, Scroll Bar Waterside Kitchen located in Redwood City. Do you wish to dine here?
Please can I have their address?
Sure, they are located in 223 Twin Dolphin Drive.
Okay! Please may I know what's their phone number?
sure, you can reach them at 650-598-9000.
Sounds good to me.
So, do you have a plan to reserve a table here?
Not right now, but might be later on. Please can you help me to find a salon over there?
In which city? is it in Redwood City, you wish to find the salon?
Yup, you're correct.
Okay! I can find 5 salons with good rating and the highest rating salon is August BarberShop that is located in Redwood City. Do you wish to go here?
Please may I know what's the average rating from the customers? What's the salon's address?
The salon is located at 704 Winslow Street and it has an average rating of 5.0, which is the highest of all salons we've have.
Pretty cool... Please can you schedule an appointment with this salon?
Sure, when and at what time?
Please can you schedule the appointment on Saturday this week at three pm?
Please can you confirm me that you wish to schedule an appointment with the hair stylist, August Barbershop on March 2nd at 3 pm, right?
Yup, you're correct. Do you have their phone number? Is it a unisex salon?
Yup, it is. Your appointment is scheduled and you can reach them at 650-679-0457.
Thank you so much for scheduling the appointment.
It's my pleasure. Do you want me to assist you with anything else?
Please can you book a table for 2 people in the prior selected restaurant?
Sure, I can do that for you? At what time you want to reserve?
Please can you reserve the restaurant at evening 5.
Sure. Please can you confirm me that you wish to book a table for 2 people at Scroll Bar Waterside Kitchen in Redwood City on March 2nd at 5 pm, right?
Yup, sounds good to me.
Okay! your table is booked.
Please may I know if they have live music?
Nope, they don't have.
Thanks a lot. Please can you play some songs, for I feel like to listen some now?
Do you want any particular song to be played with or what kind of song do you like?
Please can you play some Ghost songs on the speaker in the kitchen?
Sure, so you wish to hear to some Ghost songs on your Kitchen speaker, right?
Yup, you are exactly correct.
Have a nice time hearing to the music.
Thank you so much.
Do you want me to help you with anything else?
Nope, thanks much.
Have a wonderful day.
Hi there, could you search for a place to eat please?
Any preference on the cuisine and location of the restaurant?
I would prefer one which serves some Burmese food in the SF area please.
There are 5 restaurants you may like, one of which is called B Star in San Francisco.
Sure, could you help me find a salon in the SF area too?
There is a nice salon called 1512 Barber Shop in San Francisco.
What is their current rating?
They have an average rating of 4.8.
I see, are there any alternatives?
How about 20Th Salon And barber in San Francisco?
May I have their contact number and address please?
You can contact them at 2737 20th Street and contact them at 415-824-1335.
That sounds great! Could you book an appointment there for me?
Sure, when will you be visiting them?
Ideally on the Saturday this week at quarter to 5 in the evening.
Sure, please confirm your appointment with 20Th Salon And Barber at 4:45 pm on March 2nd.
Sorry, could I visit them on the 10th instead?
Sure, please confirm your appointment with 20Th Salon And Barber at 4:45 pm on March 10th.
Sorry, could I visit them at 3:30 in the afternoon instead?
Sure, please confirm your appointment with 20Th Salon And Barber at 3:30 pm on March 10th.
That sounds perfect!
Your appointment has been made.
Thank you, could you help me make a reservation for two at 17:30 at the restaurant you mentioned previously?
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 2 at B Star in San Francisco on March 10th at 5:30 pm.
Sure, I am fine with that.
Your reservation has been made.
Thank you, is the food there cheap priced?
Their food is moderate priced.
May I also have their address please?
You can visit them at 127 Clement Street.
Sure, thank you!
May I further assist you?
Could you help me play songs by Konshens on the speaker in the bedroom please?
Any particular song are you interested in?
Yes, I would like to listen to Turn Me On.
Sure, please confirm your request to play Turn Me On on the bedroom speaker.
Sure, that is correct!
Enjoy listening to your music.
Thank you, that is all I need.
No worries, have a great day ahead!
Hi there, could you search for a place to eat please?
Any preference on the type of food, such as Mexican or American cuisine, and the location of the restaurant?
I would prefer a restaurant serving spicy noodles in the San Francisco area.
Sure, would you like to dine at Baan Thai House & Wine Bar which is located in San Francisco?
May I have their contact number please?
You can call them at 415-379-4505.
Are there any alternatives?
How about Basil, which is located in San Francisco.
May I have their address please?
They are located at 1175 Folsom Street.
I see, could you help me find a salon there too?
Are you referring to the San Francisco area?
Yes I am.
There are 10 salons in that area, one of which is called 1512 Barber Shop which is located in San Francisco.
Sure, may I have their contact number and address please?
You can call them at 415-286-4371 and visit them at 1532 20th Street.
That sounds great! Could you schedule an appointment for me please?
What time do you intend to visit the salon?
Most likely at afternoon 3:30.
And when do you intend to head down?
I will be visiting them on March 3rd.
I see, please confirm your appointment with 1512 Barber Shop at 3:30 pm on March 3rd.
That sounds great to me!
Your appointment has been made.
Thank you, could you now book a table at the restaurant mentioned previously?
What time do you intend to visit them?
Somewhere around 19:00.
Please confirm your reservation for 2 at Basil in San Francisco at 7 pm on March 3rd.
Sure, could I have their contact number please?
You can contact them at 415-552-8999. Unfortunately, your reservation could not be made. Would you like a reservation for 2 at Basil in San Francisco at 6:30 pm on March 3rd instead?
Yes, that is fine with me.
Your reservation has been made!
Are the food there expensive?
No, they are moderate priced.
I see, could you help me play Sex Metal Barbie in the album In This Moment on the speaker in the kitchen please?
Sure, please confirm your request to play Sex Metal Barbie on the kitchen speaker.
Sure, may I know which album does this song belong to?
Enjoy your music! This music comes from the Black Widow album.
I see, that is all I need. Thank you!
No worries, have a great day ahead!
I would like to eat out, the place must offer non meat food but I still want alcohol
Where do you allow me to look for such a place?
San jose area
In san jose there's blue mango
I like the place
I'm happy to know it, I may go on and book a table then
no, it's not what I've asked. you should look for a unisex salon now
do I have to look for it in san jose?
yes, same city
in san jose there's atelier salon willow glen
give me the phone number
of course, it's 408-293-3494
now tell me the ratings and the address
rating is around 4.3 and the location is 1047 lincoln highway suite 101
awesome
do you need an appointment?
yes, I need it on march 4th at 16:00
Before I try to make a reservation for you, tell me if the data in my possession are correct. You want to book an appointment at atelier salon willow glen on march 4th at 4 pm
yes, it would be perfect
I can confirm you that you got what you asked for
I'm happy to know it, now we can book the restaurant table too
tell me your favorite time for the reservation
book it at quarter to 7 in the evening
tell me if I got this right. You want me to book a table for 2 at blue mango in san jose. the date is march 4th at 6:45 pm
yes, you're pretty clever
the reservation is unsuccessful, I can look for a table for 2 at blue mango on march 4th at 7 pm if it's okay for you
yes, it is indeed
now you got your table
superb. give me address and phone number too
The address is 635 coleman avenue and the phone is 408-885-9222
great, now we can skip to something different. I want to listen to neon gravestones on my tv. I love music from twenty one pilots
give me a confirmation if what I am about to do is right, you want me to play the song neon gravestones on tv
it's right
enjoy it then
I want to know the name of the album if you don't mind
it's from the trench album
can you also tell me the genre?
it's called indietronica
how cool, bye for now
goodbye sir
I want Cambodian food that is afforadable
what city then?
It needs to be in burlingame
there are 2 in coconut bay thai restaurant in burlingame
yes that is fine
anything else for you?
I need a salon in burlingame
10 salons in burlingame barber shop in burlingame
yes that works
what time for?
I want it at 15:00
what date then?
7th of march for you
confirm burlingame barber shop at 3 pm on march 7th
I wanna visit the salon 9th of march
stylist is burlingame barber shop on march 9th
yes that works
it has been confirmed
book table at 18:00
book coconut bay thai restaurant in burlingame at 6 pm for 2 people on march 9th
tell me their adress and contact
address is 1107 howard avenue and number is 650-558-8268
thanks put on speaker in the kitchen and better man by westlife
play better man on kitchen speaker now
yes that is right and what album?
pop song from spectrum
thanks a lot
anything else for you?
no thanks now
have a good one
Can you find me somewhere to eat?
Sure. In what city?
Try San Fran.
Can you tell me what type of cuisine you would like to eat? Italian, Indian or something else?
I'd like some Mediterranean food.
How about Barcha in San Francisco?
How expensive is it? Can I get the address?
They are priced expensive. The address is 28 Fremont Street.
That will work.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Maybe later.
Can I help you with something else?
I need to find a unisex salon nearby.
You mean in San Francisco?
Yes, in San Francisco.
How about 1512 Barber Shop in San Francisco?
Yes, sounds good. Can you book me an appointment?
What time and date works for you?
Try Monday next week at 4 in the evening.
Please confirm that you want to book an appointment at 1512 Barber Shop for March 4th at 4 pm.
Sounds good. What is the rating and phone number?
The average rating is 4.8. You can contact them at 415-286-4371.
Can you book a table for four at Barcha?
Sure. For what time?
Make it for 5:30 pm.
Please confirm that you want to book a table for 4 at Barcha in San Francisco for March 4th at 5:30 pm.
Yes,that works.
Your reservation is complete.
Thanks. Can you find me some Cody Johnson songs now?
What songs would you like?
Play With You I Am.
Please confirm that you want me to play With You I Am on TV.
Yes,that's right.
Enjoy your music!
Thank you!
Do you need anything else?
No, but thanks again.
My pleasure. Have a good day.
I need to find a eating place in San Carlos and some kind of Ramen food i okay
There is a nice restaurant called Aya Sushi in San Carlos
That is fine
Is there any other help you need?
Would you look for a salon in San Carlos?
A salon called Sasha Salon in San Carlos is a nice one
Can i know its average rating?
The average rating of that is around 4.9
That is fine
You need an appointment there?
Yes, i want an appointment to salon on 6th of this month
What is your preferred time?
I would like to have an appointment at 3:15 in the afternoon
Please give confirmation details: An appointment with the hair stylist Sasha Salon at 3:15 pm on March 6th
That is fine
Sorry i failed in booking an appointment. What is your opinion on booking an appointment at Sasha Salon on March 6th at 3 pm?
That is okay
Your appointment is successful
Thank you very much. Can you please try booking a table at the restaurant i liked?
What time you prefer for reservation?
I want it at 5 pm
Please give confirmation details: Booking a table for 2 people at Aya Sushi at 5 pm on March 6th in the city of San Carlos
That is fine
Your booking is done
Can i have their phone number?
Their contact number is 650-654-1212
Thank you.Now i like to listen to songs by Ghost
Which is your preferred song?
I need to listen to Rats
Please give confirmation details: To play the song Rats on TV
That is right
Have fun and enjoy the song
Can i know the song album?
The song is from album Prequelle
Thanks a lot
Is there any other help you need?
No, thanks a lot
Have a nice day
I would like to eat out at a restaurant.
You would like indian, mexican or what kind of food?
I want some affordable punjabi food in concord.
Hot basil cafe is a lovely restaurant in concord.
What is their contact number and address?
It is located at 790 oak grove road and the number is 925-288-0000.
That would be fine. I would need to style my hair when I get there.
You would like to find a salon in concord.
Yes, that is right.
breds barbershop is a lovely salon in concord.
What is the address?
It is at 4330 clayton road suite j.
Is it a unisex salon?
Yes, it is.
Great. That would work.
You would like to schedule an appointment?
Yes, for half past 5 in the evening on the 3rd of this month.
You would like an appointment at breds barbershop for 5:30 pm on March 3rd?
That sounds great. What is the average rating of the salon and the contact number?
It has an average rating of 3.7 and the number is 925-446-4144. I apologize but I was not able to book the appointment at breds barbershop. How about March 3rd at 5 pm?
That would be fine.
I have scheduled your visit.
I would like to book at table for 1 at the restaurant for 7 o"clock in the evening.
You would like a table for 1 at hot basil cafe in concord on March 3rd for 7 pm?
That would be fine. Do they play live music and serve liquor?
I have made the reservation. There would be no live music, but they serve alcohol.
I want to relax and listen to some music now.
What would you like to listen to?
I want to hear superficial love.
You want to hear superficial love on your tv?
Yes. What genre of music is it?
It is pop. I hope you enjoy the music.
Thank you. That would be all.
Enjoy your day.
I want some restaurants with veggie food
Which city are you looking for?
San Jose it is
Blue mango is a great place in San Jose
do they have live music? what is the address?
they don't have live music and they are located at 635 coleman avenue
Find me another reasonably priced place
I have found 6 places for you in San Jose. How about Emperor of India?
Cool, can you also help me find a Salon there?
In San Jose right?
Yes, that is correct.
How about atelier salon willow glen in San Jose
Is it unisex? What's the rating?
It is unisex salon with a rating of 4.3
that works for me.
Should I book your appointment>
Yes, do that.
What date should I schedule it for?
On the 8th at quarter to 5 in the evening
Booking an appointment at the atelier salon willow glen on march 8th at 4:45 pm
no, change it to tuesday next week at 4:30 pm
Booking appointment on March 5th at 4:30 pm
that works for me
Booking confirmed.
Tell me their contact number and address.
their number is 408-293-3494 and the address is 1047 lincoln highway suite 101
Cool. Also book a table for 1 at the restaurant I liked for seven in the evening.
Booking a table for 1 at Emperor of india san Jose at 7 pm on march 5th
Cool, sounds perfect
Booking confirmed.
Thanks could you also case love someone by brett eldredge on the kitchen speaker.
Playing love someone on the kitchen speaker.
What album is it from and what kind of music is it?
It is a country song from the album brett eldredge
Thanks a lot.
Can I help you with anything else?
No , thanks again.
Enjoy your music!
Find me a place to eat at.
Do you prefer American, Indian, or some other type of food and in what city do you want to eat?
I want to eat Fondue in SF.
Search revealed 1 place that is Fondue Cowboy in San Francisco.
How can I contact them and do they offer live entertainment.
You can contact them at 415-431-5100 and they do not have live entertainment.
That is great. Find me a unisex salon in SF.
Search revealed 10 results. 1512 Barber Shop is a unisex salon in San Francisco.
That works for me. Make a booking for me.
What time and date do you want to go?
I want to go Wednesday next week at 15:45.
You want an appointment at 1512 Barber Shop at 3:45 pm on March 6th. Is that right?
No, book it for 5:30 in the evening.
You want a booking for 5:30 pm on March 6th?
No, I want to go on the 11th of March.
You want a booking for 5:30 pm on March 11th?
Yes, that works. What are they rated at?
Your booking is complete and they have a 4.8 rating.
Thanks a lot. Book me a table at the previous restaurant.
What time do you wish to eat?
I want to eat at evening 7:30.
You want a table for 2 people at Fondue Cowboy in San Francisco for 7:30 pm on March 11th. Is that correct?
That is correct and can you tell me the venue location?
Your table and booked and they are located at 1052 Folsom Street.
Thanks a bunch. Play some the song Suave by El Alfa.
You want me to cast the song Suave to your TV?
That is right. What genre of music is it and what album is it from?
Your music has started. The genre is Latin and it is on the El Hombre album.
Thanks for everything. I have nothing more right now.
Have a great day.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in San Jose.
Are you looking for Indian, Italian or something else?
Would some burgers interest you?
There are 6 options. Black Angus Steakhouse is a restaurant in San Jose.
What's their address?
Their address is located at 1011 Blossom Hill Road.
Okay. That one is good.
Should I book a table?
Yes. Perhaps later.
Is there anything else we can help with?
I'm also looking for a unisex salon in San Jose.
Atelier Salon Willow Glen is a salon in San Jose.
Sounds good. Can you book an appointment for 4:45 in the evening?
For what date?
For March 8th.
Please confirm you want me to book an appointment for March 8th at Atelier Salon Willow Glen at 4:45 pm.
Actually, can you book it for the 11th of this month?
Please confirm you want me to book an appointment for March 11th at 4:45 pm.
Yes and can I have their address?
Their address is 1047 Lincoln Highway Suite 101. The appointment booking was not successful. Would 4:30 pm on March 11th at Atelier Salon Willow Glen work for you?
Yes. That's right.
Your appointment was successfully booked.
Thanks. Can you book a table for me?
For what time?
For 1:30 in the afternoon.
Please confirm you want me to book a table for 2 on March 11th at Black Angus Steakhouse in San Jose at 1:30 pm.
Actually, it's for 3.
Please confirm you want me to book a table for 3 at 1:30 pm.
Yes and please give me their phone number.
Their phone is 408-266-6602. The reservation was booked successfully.
Can you please play Let Me Down Easy by Billy Currington on the bedroom device.
Please confirm you want me to play the song Let Me Down Easy on the bedroom speaker.
What kind of music is it and what year did it come out?
It is a country song from 2010. Please enjoy.
Thanks. That's all.
Have a great day.
I would like to find a restaurant.
Do you want Italian or Indian, etc?
I want Mexican in Menlo Park.
In Menlo Park I found 3. How about Cafe Del Sol Restaurant.
That works for me.
Do you want to book?
Later, I need a salon in Menlo Park.
I found 2 in Menlo Park. I have Great Clips.
What is the address?
Address is 325 Sharon Park Drive Ste F-2.
Yes, book for 3:45 in the afternoon.
What is the date?
The date is the 10th.
Confirm for March 10th at 3:45 pm for Great Clips.
Great, what is the rating?
Is is 3.8. How about a 3:30 pm on March 10th at Great Clips?
Yes that works for me.
You are now confirmed.
Go ahead and book restaurant for three at 13:00.
Confirm March 10th for 3 at 1 pm at Cafe Del Sol Restaurant in Menlo Park.
Yes that works for me.
Sorry how about March 10th for 3 at 12:30 pm at Cafe Del Sol Restaurant in Menlo Park.
Yes that works too.
You are now confirmed.
I want to hear music.
Do you have a song?
I want First True Love.
Confirm on TV First True Love.
Yes, that is correct
Enjoy the song.
That is all I need
Have a great day.
I am searching for a place to eat.
What type of food do you need? In which city shall I search in?
I wish to have Punjabi type of food in Benicia.
I searched and found 1 restaurant for you. Mirchi Indian Grill is a great restaurant in Benicia.
Yes. it is good for me. Could you help me in finding a unisex salon?
Do you want to find a salon in Benicia?
Yes. it is good.
Sport Clips Haircuts Of Benicia is a wonderful salon in Benicia.
It is good.
Shall I done an appointment here?
Yes. it is good. Book an appointment at a salon.
When will you need an appointment? In which time do you need it?
I wish to visit the salon on March 11th of this month at evening 4:30.
Kindly ensure that, on March 11th, appointment has been done with the hair stylist Sport Clips Haircuts Of Benicia at evening 4:30 pm.
No. I wish to see the salon on five in the evening of the 10th.
Kindly ensure that, on March 10th an appointment is made with the hair stylist at 5 pm.
It is good.
Sorry. I am unable to book the appointment. Sport Clips Haircuts Of Benicia is a great salon. What about an appointment on March 10th at 5:30 pm?
Yes. it is good.
Your booking is done.
What is their contact number? What is their rating?
The rating is 4.1. Their contact number if 707-751-1775.
Thank you so much. Please help me to reserve a table in the restaurant that I liked? Book it at evening 7.
Kindly ensure that, on March 10th, reservation has been made for 2 persons at Mirchi Indian Grill in Benicia at 7 pm.
Yes. it is good for me.
Your booking is done.
Thank you so much. I wish to listen to the music now.
What song do you prefer?
I wish to listen to Me Too.
Kindly ensure that, Me Too song is played on TV
Yes. Good. What type of genre do you prefer? In which year it come out?
Enjoy the music. It is s Pop song and it is come in the year 2016.
Thank you so much. That is what I want.
Have a wonderful day.
Hi there, are there any places which I can dine at?
Do you have any preference for the location of the restaurant?
I would prefer one located in Lafayette please.
Any preference on the type of food, such as Chinese, American food?
Yes, a restaurant serving pizza would be great for me.
I have found 3 restaurants for you, one of which is called Locanda Positano which is located in Lafayette.
May I have their address and what is the price range of their food?
You can visit them at 1005 Brown Avenue and they are moderate priced.
This is fine with me.
Would you like me to make a table reservation for you
Perhaps at a later time.
Will you require any further assistance?
Could you also help me search for a salon in Lafayette?
Sure, there is a nice salon called 18|8 Fine Men'S Salons - Lafayette which is located in Lafayette.
Yes, that sounds fine to me.
Would you like me to schedule an appointment there?
Sure, could you help me do so please?
When would you like the appointment scheduled?
I will be travelling there on the 4th of this month at evening 5:45.
Sure, please confirm your appointment at 18|8 Fine Men'S Salons - Lafayette on March 4th at 5:45 pm.
Sorry, could you schedule the appointment at 3:15 pm on the 11th of March instead?
Sure, please confirm your appointment at 3:15 pm on March 11th.
Sure, that sounds great to me, may I have their address to?
You can visit them at 15 Fiesta Lane. Unfortunately, I was not able to make the appointment. Would you like me to schedule an appointment at at 18|8 Fine Men'S Salons - Lafayette on March 11th at 3 pm.
Yes, that sounds great to me!
Your appointment has been scheduled.
Is this a unisex salon?
Yes, it is.
Thank you! Could you now make a reservation at the restaurant we previously discussed about at 4:30 in the evening?
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 2 at Locanda Positano in Lafayette at 4:30 pm on March 11th.
Yes, I am fine with that.
Sorry, I could not make your reservation, could I further assist you?
Yes please, could you try booking again at 17:15 instead?
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 2 at Locanda Positano in Lafayette at 5:15 pm on March 11th.
I am fine with this arrangement. May i have their contact number and do they serve liquor?
You can contact them at 925-310-4337 and they do serve alcohol. Unfortunately, I was not able to make your reservation. would you like a reservation for 2 at Locanda Positano in Lafayette at 5:30 pm on March 11th instead?
Yes, I am fine with that too.
Sure, your reservation has been made.
Thank you so much! Could you play so music for me please?
Sure, what song do you want to listen to?
I would like to listen to Cheap Smell please.
Please confirm your action to play Cheap Smell on the TV.
Could you change the song to Hey Hey Hey instead?
No problem, please confirm your action to play Hey Hey Hey on the TV.
Yes, that is fine. May I know the song's genre please?
This is a pop song. Enjoy your music!
Thank you so much.
Could I further assist you with something else?
No, that is all I need. Thank you!
No worries, have a great day ahead!
Search for me not very costly restaurant that serve alcohol.
What kind of food do you want to eat and which city?
Ramen food in San Francisco will be perfect.
I found 10 restaurants in San Francisco for you. How about 2g Japanese Brasserie
Sounds perfect to me.
should i book your table there?
Not right now
is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need some salon there
In San Francisco right?
Yes that's correct
I found 10 salon in San Francisco. How about 1512 Barber Shop
That works for me
Should I book your appointment?
Yes. book one for 6th of this month at afternoon 3:30
Booking appointment at 1512 Barber shop on March 6th at 3:30 pm
cool. Whats their contact number?
Booking confirmed. their number is 415-286-4371.
What is the address and average rating?
Address is 1532 20th street and the rating is 4.8
Cool. Can you also book a table at the restaurant for me?
What time should I make the booking for?
At 1 o"clock in the afternoon
Booking a table for 2 at the 2g japanese brasserie in san francisco on march 6th 1 pm
Cool, what is their phone number?
Booking confirmed. Their number is 415-292-9997
Cool, tell me their address. Also, do they have live music?
The address is 601 Van Ness Avenue. they do not have live music.
Thanks. Can you cast some music on the speaker in the kitchen?
Which song should I play?
Play fake you out.
Playing fake you out on the kitchen speaker.
sounds perfect to me
Enjoy the music!
Who is the singer?
It is a song by twenty one pilots
Which is the year of release?
It released in 2012
Thanks, that would be all.
Have a fantastic day ahead.
Hello! Please can you find me some good restaurant to have a small dinner in the evening?
What do you prefer - American, Mexican, Thai or anything else?
Afghan food will be fine to me.
Where are you looking for?
Please can you find in San Carlos.
Sure, I can find 1 restaurant, Kabul Afghan Cuisine, which is a nice one located in San Carlos.
Yup, that would work for me.
Do you wish to book a table here?
Not right now. Please do you know any good hair stylist there?
May I know whether I can find a salon in San Carlos?
Yup, sure, please.
Okay! You might like the Sasha Salon in San Carlos.
Please may I know what's the average rating of the salon from the cusomter?
Yup, the average rating of the salon is 4.9.
Do you have their contact number?
Yup, you can reach them at 650-394-8080.
Yup, sounds good. I wish to book an appointment with this salon on 7th of this month at evening 4.
Sure, I can help you on that. So, you wish to schedule an appointment with Sasha Salon on March 7th at 4 pm, right?
Nope, I wish to schedule on 2nd of March.
Please can you confirm me that you wish to book an appointment on March 2nd at 4 pm, right?
Yup, sounds great to me.
Okay! your appointment is scheduled.
Please can I have their address? Is it a unisex salon?
Yup, its a unisex salon and they are located at 58 El Camino Real.
Thanks much for your help. Please can you help me in reserving a table at the restaurant that I chosen earlier?
Sure, at what time?
Please can you make it at 1 pm.
Sure, please can you confirm me that you wish to book a table at Kabul Afghan Cuisine in San Carlos on March 2nd for 2 people at 1 pm, right>
Yup, you're correct. Did they have live music? In which number I can contact them?
Nope, they don't have live music. You can reach them at 650-594-2840. Your booking is successful.
Thanks much. Please can you cast some good songs by Imagine Dragons, if possible the song Radioactive in my bedroom speaker.
Sure. Please can you confirm that you wish to play the song Radioactive on your Bedroom speaker, right?
Yup, that's right? In which genre, the music falls into?
It's a Rock song. Enjoy your music.
Thank you so much.
Have a great day.
Hi there, could you help me search for places to eat please?
Sure, any preference on the location?
Something in San Jose is fine with me.
How about the type of food?
A place which serves Chinese will be fine.
Would you like to dine in at Chef Li, which is located in San Jose?
Yes, I am fine with that!
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Perhaps later! Could you also help me search for a unisex salon in that area?
Would you like me to find it in the San Jose area?
That sounds great to me!
There are 10 salons which you may like, one of which is the Atelier Salon Willow Glen in San Jose.
That sounds great! Could you help me make an appointment with them on the March 13th?
Sure, and what time will you be visiting them.
Somewhere around evening 5:45 will do.
Sure, please confirm your appointment with Atelier Salon Willow Glen at 5:45 pm on March 13th.
Sorry, could you change the appointment to 16:45 instead?
Sure, please confirm your appointment with Atelier Salon Willow Glen at 4:45 pm on March 13th.
Could I visit the salon today instead?
Sure, please confirm your appointment with Atelier Salon Willow Glen at 4:45 pm on March 1st instead.
That sounds fine to me, may I have their contact number please?
You can contact them at 408-293-3494! Sorry, your appointment could not be made. Would you like an appointment with Atelier Salon Willow Glen at 4:30 pm on March 1st instead?
That sounds fine with me.
Your appointment has been made!
May I know what is the rating of the salon?
They have achieved a rating of 4.3.
I see, could you book a table at the restaurant you have told me previously?
When will you be dining in?
Could you book it at 18:30 please?
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 2 at Chef Li in San Jose at 6:30 pm on March 1st.
Sure, that is fine with me.
Your reservation has been made.
May I have their contact number, and what is the price range of their food?
You can contact them at 408-377-8310, and their food is moderate priced.
I see, thank you so much!
No worries, could I further assist you?
Can you help me play some music now?
Any specific song of interest to you?
Could you play Sex Metal Barbie please?
Sure, please confirm your request to play Sex Metal Barbie on the TV.
Sure, that is right. What is the genre of this music?
This is a metalcore song, enjoy your music!
Which album does this song belong to and who sung this song?
This is a song by In This Moment in their album Black Widow.
I see, thanks a bunch!
Could I further assist you?
No, that is all I need. Thank you.
No worries, have a great day ahead!
Hi there, could you help me search for some nice places to eat please?
Do you have any preference on the type of food, such as Chinese or American cuisine? And which location do you prefer to dine at?
I would prefer one which serves up some sushi in the San Francisco area.
How about 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco?
Do they play live music?
Unfortunately, they do not.
What a pity, but I'm okay with that.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Perhaps at a later time.
Could I further assist you?
Sure, could you help me search for a salon there please?
Are you referring to the San Francisco area?
Yes, that sounds good to me.
Would you like to visit 1512 Barber Shop in San Francisco?
May I have their address please?
They are located at 1532 20th Street.
That's great! Could you schedule an appointment with them at 3:45 in the afternoon next Tuesday?
Sure, please confirm your appointment with 1512 Barber Shop at 3:45 pm on March 5th.
Sorry, could you schedule the appointment on 12th of this month instead?
Sure, please confirm your appointment with 1512 Barber Shop at 3:45 pm on March 12th.
Sorry, could I visit them at evening 4 instead too?
Sure, please confirm your appointment with 1512 Barber Shop at 4 pm on March 12th.
Yes, that is perfect!
No worries, your reservation has been made.
Could you reserve a table at 6:30 in the evening for the restaurant you previously entioned?
Please confirm your reservation for 2 at 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco at 6:30 pm on March 12th.
Yes, I am fine with that.
Your reservation has been made.
May I know the price range of their food?
Their food are moderate priced.
May I have their address and do they serve alcohol?
They are located at 601 Van Ness Avenue and do serve alcohol.
Thank you! Could you play some music for me please?
Any preference on the song you would like?
I would love to listen to the song How Long Will I Love You.
Sure, please confirm your request to play How Long Will I Love You on the TV.
Yes, may I know what is the music genre?
Enjoy listening to your music, which is a pop song.
I see, thank you so much! That is all I need.
No problem, enjoy your day ahead!
i need to look for eating place as i like some Burgers kind of food
Which is your preferred city
I need it in San Francisco
There is a nice restaurant called 5a5 Steak Lounge in San Francisco
Can you look for some other restaurant?
There is a nice restaurant called Alexander's Steakhouse in San Francisco
Can i have their phone number and how pricey are they?
Their contact number is 415-495-1111 and they have a very expensive price range
Yes that is fine
You need to book a table here?
Not now, later
Is there any other help you need?
I need to find a Unisex Salon in San Francisco, can you help me in finding the Salon?
There is a nice salon called 1512 Barber Shop in San Francisco
Can you look for a different salon?
There is a nice salon called 20Th Salon And Barber in San Francisco
That is fine
You need an appointment here?
Yes, i want an appointment at 5 in the evening on 13th of March
Please give confirmation details: Your appointment with hair stylist 20th Salon And Barber is at 5 pm on March 13th
That is fine
Your booking is done
Can you please try reserving a table at the restaurant i liked?
What is your preferred time for reservation/
I need it at 7:30 pm
Please give confirmation details: Booking a table for 2 people at Alexander's Steakhouse at 7:30 pm on March 13th in the city of San Francisco
That is fine
Your booking is done
thank you and i need to listen to music now
Which is your preferred song?
I prefer to listen to The Mountain
Please give confirmation details: To play the song The Mountain on TV
That is perfect
Enjoy and have fun
Who is the singer of this song?
The singer is Three Days Grace
Can i know the album of this song?
The album name is Outsider
Thank you very much
Have a nice day
Find me a place to eat.
Do you prefer Mexican, Chinese, or another type of food and where do you want to eat at?
I want to eat Fish in SFO.
Search revealed 10 places. Akiko's Sushi Bar is in San Francisco.
What else do you have?
Alamo Square Seafood Grill is in San Francisco.
That is good. I need a salon in SFO.
Search revealed 10 results. 1512 Barber Shop is in San Francisco.
That works for me. Make me a booking for 15:15.
What day do you want to go?
I want to go there next Thursday.
You want a booking at 1512 Barber Shop for 3:15 pm on March 7th. Is that right?
That is right.
I could not make your appointment. Would you like a 3 pm slot on March 7th at 1512 Barber Shop?
That works also.
Your booking is complete.
Thanks a lot. I need a table for 1 person at 5 pm at the previous restaurant that I liked.
You want a table for 1 at Alamo Square Seafood Grill in San Francisco for 5 pm on March 7th?
That is right. How can I contact them.
Your table is reserved and you can contact them at 415-440-2828.
Get me some George Strait songs to listen to right now.
Do you have a particular song in mind?
Every Little Honky Tonk Bar is the song I want to play.
You want me to cast Every Little Honky Tonk Bar to the TV?
Yes, that is right. What genre is it?
Your Country song has started. Enjoy!
What album is it on and when was it released?
It is on the Honky Tonk Time Machine album and was released in 2019.
Thanks a bunch. That is everything for now.
Have a great day.
I am in a nice mood and I think it will be great if I eat outside once. Can you search for some good and clean restaurants for me to enjoy my food outside?
Do you have any particular category of food in your mind to search for and which is your selective city to search for the restaurants. If I know these details then I can get you suitable options to select.
I think to search for German foods which I want to eat at some nice place in San Jose. Can you search for a restaurant here.
Yes, How about your suggestion on a Restaurant named Ludwig's German Table in San Jose?
I think this will perfectly match to me. Thanks. I also want to find a Salon to change my hairstyle for which I need your help to find the one which is also an Unisex Salon.
Where I have to search for the salon, May I try in the same place as like before, in San Jose?
Yes, I want it in the same City.
I got 10 results. From Which I think Atelier Salon Willow Glen is the best place to change your hair style and which is also located in San Jose only.
Get me their contact number for my reference.
You can contact them over the telephone number 408-293-3494.
That is nice and thanks.
Do you want me to book an appointment with that salon now?
Yes, I want to book it on Monday next week at evening 5:30?
Please confirm to book an appointment at the Atelier Salon Willow Glen on March 4th for the time at 5:30 pm.
That is perfect. Please go ahead.
Unfortunately they are not available for that time. Shall try to get appointment from Atelier Salon Willow Glen at 5 pm on the same March 4th?
That time is also okay to me.
I have successfully booked your appointment with that salon on the required date.
Thanks for that. Now we will proceed with the booking of restaurant that you have selected for me before.
Let me know your convenient time to book the table.
Book it for the time at 8 o"clock in the night.
Please confirm to book a table for 2 at Ludwig's German Table in San Jose for the time at 8 pm on March 4th.
Yes that is correct to proceed and also I want to know whether Liquor supply is available there?
I was unable to book the table as you required. How can I help you further?
Please check it for the time seven pm instead of 8.
Please confirm to book a table for 2 at Ludwig's German Table in San Jose for the time at 7 pm on March 4th.
Yes, correct, please proceed.
Successfully reserved your table at that time.
Thanks. Can you find me some nice songs to hear it on my TV in particular I like the song Summer time.
I need your confirmation to play the song Summer Time on you TV.
That is okay to proceed. Can you find whose song is this?
This song is by Vybz Kartel and the same was started playing. You can enjoy it now.
Thank you so much.
Anything else?
No, thanks for all.
Have a great day.
Find me some place to eat.
What city do you want?
I want to eat in San Francisco.
Do you prefer Mexican, Chinese, or some other type of food?
I am in the mood for Taiwanese.
Search revealed 10 results. Alice's serves Taiwanese in San Francisco.
That is perfect.
Shall I book you a table?
No, not right now.
Do you need more help?
Book me a salon for there.
Are you looking for one in San Francisco?
That is correct.
Search revealed 10 results. 1512 Barber Shop is located in San Francisco.
What is the venue's location?
You can find it at 1532 20th Street.
That is great. Make me a booking for 3 in the afternoon.
What day are you going?
I am going on March 6th.
You want a 3 pm booking on March 6th at 1512 Barber Shop, correct?
That is right. Is it a unisex salon and what is their rating?
Your booking is complete and the unisex salon has a 4.8 rating.
I want to book that restaurant for 1 person at 12:30 in the afternoon.
You want a reservation for 1 at Alice's in San Francisco on March 6th for 12:30 pm, correct?
That is right.
Your table is booked.
I want to hear some songs now.
Do you have a song in mind?
Now That I found You is the song I want to hear.
You want to cast the song Now That I found You to the TV, right?
That is right.
Your song has started.
Thanks a bunch. That is everything for now.
Have a great day.
Im looking for a place to eat something
What kind of food you want
Barbecue is fine
In which city you want
Woodside is great
Little store restaurant is nice in Woodside
What's its addres
The address is 3340 Woodside road
Is there live music
Yes they play
Look some expensive priced restaurant
There is 1 restaurant called the mountain House in Woodside
Great. Help me to search salon there
Do you want in Woodside
Yes great
I found 1 salon names olive hill salon which is a good one in Woodside
Is it unisex
Yes it is
Yes great. make a reservation there
At what time and date you want it
On the 11th at quarter to 6 in the evening
Please confirm that the name of hair stylist is olive hill salon on March 11th at 5:45 pm
No make the appointment at 2:30 in the afternoon
Please confirm it the name of hair stylist is olive hill salon and appointment is at 2:30 pm
Great. What's their address and phone number
It's number is 650-851-1150 and address is 2920 Woodside road
Thanks . Make a reservation at that restaurant for two people
At what time
Make it 12 pm
Please confirm it. Making a table booking at the mountain House in Woodside at 12 pm for 2 people on March 11th
Great for me
Your booking is confirmed
I wanna listen to some songs. Cast it on my kitchen speaker. The song is Bloody Mary by lady gaga
Please confirm you wanna play bloody Mary on kitchen speaker
Yes right. What's its genre
Enjoy your song. It's a pop song
Is it from five years back .what's the album name
It's from 2011 from born this way album
Great thanks
Can I assist you on anything else
No thank you
Have a great day
Help me find somewhere to eat.
Is there a type of food you're craving?
I want some Diner food, in a place that has live music.
What city would you like to look in?
Look for a place in San Jose.
There are 4 matches. Hukilau in San jose is nice.
Where are the located, and do they have alcohol?
There are located on 230 Jackson Street, and they do have alcohol.
Recommend me another place, a place in San Rafael would be good.
San Rafael Joe's in San Rafael is nice.
Okay, I could go there. I also want to find a salon there.
I'll search for a salon in San Rafael?
Yeah, that's right.
There are 2 salons that might be a fit. Best Coast Cuts in San Rafael is nice.
What's a number I can reach them at and where are they located?
They're located on 294 North San Pedro Road and you can reach them at 415-250-4370.
Okay, cool I want to make an appointment at the salon for the 5th of this month.
What time would you like to make the appointment for?
I want it for 5:30 pm.
I'll make you an appointment at Best Coast Cuts for March 5th at 5:30 pm, is that okay?
No, I actually want it for the 7th at evening 4:45.
Okay, so the appointment is for March 7th at 4:45 pm?
Yes, that is right.
I'm sorry but they're all booked at that time. Would you like to make an appointment at Best Coast Cuts on March 7th for 4:30 pm?
Yeah, try that.
You appointment has been booked.
What's their average rating?
It is 5.0.
And is the place unisex?
Yes, it is unisex.
Okay, thanks a lot. That restaurant we were talking about, can you book a table for two at evening 7:15?
I'll book a table for 2 at San Rafael Joe's in San Rafael for March 7th at 7:15 pm, is that correct?
Yeah, that's food.
I'm sorry but they're all booked at that time. Would you like to book a table for 2 at San Rafael Joe's on March 7th at 7:30 pm instead?
Okay, that's good too.
The table has been booked.
Cool, I'd like to listen to music now.
Is there a song you want?
Yeah, it's Ivy.
I'll play Ivy on the TV, is that okay?
Yeah, that's cool. Who's the artist, and was this released in '16?
Frank Ocean is the artist and it is from 2016. Enjoy the song.
Thanks so much!
Do you need anything else?
No, thanks again.
Enjoy the song and take care.
I'm looking for an average priced restaurant in San Francisco
What kind of food would you like to eat?
I'd like some Indian food.
There are 10 restaurant, for example August 1 Five in San Francisco
What restaurants are there in Pleasanton?
In Pleasanton there's Aappakadai
Yes, it sounds good!
Do you want to book there?
Not now, thanks
Can I do anything else for you?
Yes, I need a salon there
A salon in Pleasanton?
Yes, in that city
There are 9 saloons in Pleasanton, for example Cosmo's Barber Shop
Can I get the contact number?
Its contact number is 925-462-2695
And what's the address?
It's 4275 First Street
Ok, book an appointment at 4:30 in the evening on March 4th, please.
An appointment at Cosmo's Barber Shop on March 4th at 4:30 pm. Do you confirm?
No, I prefer on the 10th at 5:30 pm
The appointment on March 10th at 5:30 pm. Is it correct?
Yes, it's correct. What is the rating of this salon? Is it a unisex salon?
The rating is 4.3. Yes, it's unisex. Your appointment is booked!
Thank you! I want to book the restaurant
What time do you want to book?
I want a table at 7:30 pm
A table for 2 people at Aappakadai in Pleasanton, on March 10th at 7:30 pm. Is it correct?
Yes, It's correct. Is there live music? Are liquors served in the restaurant?
No, there isn't live music, and liquors are not served there. Your table is booked!
Thank you so much. I want to listen some music.
Which song would you like to listen to?
I'd like to listen How Long, please
Play the song How Long on TV. Do you confirm?
No, I prefer on Kitchen speaker
Play the song How Long on Kitchen speaker. Is it correct?
Yes, now it's correct
Happy listening to your song!
Thanks for helping!
Have a nice day
Hi, I need a help. me and my friends are very hungry, i am looking for a place to eat, could you find it?
Sure, i will help you, Which type of foods do you like? Please tell me do you like, American, Indian or Italian foods or anything else?
i like cuban kind of foods.
Okay,Which type of events do you like?
Search in Richmond.
I have found a good hotel in Richmond, The hotel is Saigon Seafood Harbor Restaurant.
Cool, it seems good for me.
May i help you anything more?
Yes, i need find a salon there, please help me.
Sure, Shall i search for a salon in Richmond?
Yes, That seems good.
I have found a good salon in Richmond, The salon is Tommy Cuts.
Cool, it works for me.
Shall i help you with anything more?
Yes, I need to reserve an appointment at that salon o 1st of March
Okay, Please tell me at what time would you like your appointment?
I need the appointment at 5:30 pm
please confirm the following details: The Salon is Tommy Cuts and The appointment is on march 1st at 5:30 pm
Sorry, Change the time to 17:00
Okay, please confirm the following details: The Salon is Tommy Cuts and The appointment is on march 1st at 5 pm
Yes, you are right,is it a unisex salon and what is the average rating?
Congratulations, your appointment has been confirmed, it is not unisex salon and the average rating for the salon is 4.3.
Thanks, i need to book a table at the restaurant i liked, it is for 2 people, book it at half past 7 in the evening.
please confirm the following details: The Restaurant is Saigon Seafood Harbor Restaurant and it is located at Richmond, The reservation for 2 people and reservations date is march 1st at 7:30 pm
Yes, That's right.
Congrats, Your reservation has been made.
Thank you very much, i feel boring now, i need to listening some music now,I need to listen Go robot. I really like The song Red Hot Chili Peppers. Please play it on the speaker in the kitchen.
Sure, please confirm the following details: Play the song Go Robot song on Kitchen speaker.
Yes, You are right, Could you tell me what album is it in and which year did it come out?
Enjoy, Your song started playing, it is from the year 2016 and the album is The Getaway.
Thank you very much for your help.bye
You are welcome, have a great day, bye
Hi there, are there any places which I can dine at?
Any preference on the location and type of food?
Yes I would prefer to have some Freshwater fish in the San Fran area please.
Sure, there is a nice restaurant called Akiko's Sushi Bar which is located in San Francisco.
May I have their address please?
You can visit them at 542 A Mason Street.
Are there any alternative places to eat?
Yes there is, how about the Alamo Square Seafood Grill in San Francisco?
This is fine with me too.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Perhaps at a later time.
Could I further assist you?
Can you also help me search for a salon in that area please?
Are you referring to the San Francisco area?
Yes, I am fine with that, preferably one which is a unisex salon.
Sure, would you like to visit 1512 Barber Shop in San Francisco?
What is the average rating of this salon?
The salon has an average rating of 4.8.
Yes, this sounds good to me.
Would you like me to schedule an appointment for you?
Yes, could you help me do so please?
Sure, what is the desired date and time of your appointment?
I would prefer to visit them on March 1st at quarter past 3 in the afternoon.
Sure, please confirm your appointment with 1512 Barber Shop at 3:15 pm on March 1st.
That sounds great to me!
Sorry, your appointment could not be made. Would you like an appointment with 1512 Barber Shop at 3:30 pm on March 1st instead?
Sure, I am fine with that too.
Your appointment has been made!
Thank you! Could you also help me book an appointment at the restaurant I like at 7 in the evening.
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 2 at Alamo Square Seafood Grill in San Francisco at 7 pm on March 1st.
Sure, I am fine with that too.
Your reservation has been made.
Thank you! Could you play some songs by Sabaton on any device please?
Any preference on the song you want to listen to?
I would prefer listening to The Lost Battalion, please.
Sure, please confirm your request to play The Lost Battalion on the TV.
Yes, that is right.
Enjoy listening to your music!
Sure, thank you so much.
Can I further assist you with something else?
No, that is all I need, thank you!
No worries, have a great day ahead!
How about dining out? can you help me with that?
Sure, where do I look?
San francisco. I'm in the mood for pizza and pasta.
In san francisco you can enjoy some food at 54 mint ristorante italiano
send me the address
it's at 16 mint plaza
send me the phone number too
it's 415-543-5100
what about some other restaurant?
in san francisco area you can eat at a16
sounds nice
May I reserve a table there?
not now, I still have to think about it. What I really need right now is to find a unisex salon in san francisco
in san francisco you can go to 1512 barber shop
yes, I seem to like it
I can book an appointment so you don't have to do it by yourself
how cool is that?!? I want to go to the salon on the 11th of march
got it, now tell me the time that better meets your schedule
3 pm works for me
confirm me your plan before I make it final. You want to book an appointment at 1512 barber shop on march 11th at 3 pm
yes, go for it.
It has been done
Great, now it''s the right time to book that restaurant table for 2
sure, tell me the exact time you want to be there
5:15 pm
confirm me the procedure. You want to book a table for 2 at a16 in san francisco on march 11th at 5:15 pm
Exactly.
the reservation can't be done. I can still try to find a spot for 2 at a16 on march 11th at 5 pm
yes please, try it one last time
now I got it, you have your table
fantastic, can you play me some rock n roll music on my television?
yes but confirm first. I'll play some rock n roll on tv
fine
enjoy the tunes
I will
what can I do for you now?
nothing, you can go.
goodbye then.
Hi, I'm in the mood for some Indian food. Can you find me a restaurant?
What city should I look in?
Please search in Santa Rosa.
How about Kafal Restaurant in Santa Rosa?
Anything else you can suggest?
How about New Sizzling Tandoor in Santa Rosa?
Is there anything else? I'd like something in the moderate price range.
How about Yeti Restaurant in Santa Rosa?
Do they serve alcohol?
No, they do not serve liquor.
That works great.
Would you like to book a table there?
No, not right now. Can you also help me find a salon in that area?
You'd like me to find a salon in Santa Rosa?
Yes, that's correct.
How about Daredevils & Queens in Santa Rosa?
Is there anything else? I'd like a unisex salon.
How about Elle Lui Hair Salon in Santa Rosa?
What's their phone number? And what is the average rating?
The rating is 4.8 stars and you can contact them at 707-575-1474.
That works for me.
Should I book you an appointment?
Yes please book an appointment for the 4th of this month at 4:45 in the evening.
So you'd like an appointment for March 4th at 4:45 pm at Elle Lui Hair Salon. Is this correct?
No, I'd actually like to go tomorrow.
So you'd like an appointment for March 2nd at 4:45 pm. Is that correct?
No, I'd like the appointment for four in the evening.
So you'd like an appointment at Elle Lui Hair Salon for 4 pm. Is this correct?
Yes, that works for me.
Your appointment has been booked.
Can we go back to booking a table at the restaurant I liked? Make it for one pm.
So you'd like a table for 2 people at Yeti Restaurant in Santa Rosa for 1 pm on March 2nd. Is this correct?
Yes, that's perfect.
Your table has been booked.
Thanks, can you play me some music now?
Sure, what song do you want me to play?
Please play Me Too.
So you'd like to play Me Too on the TV. Is this correct?
Yes, that's right. What album is it from?
It's from the album called Thank You. Enjoy your song!
Thank you for everything.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that's all, I appreciate your help.
Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for something to eat.
What sort of food do you want? You can say Chinese, Indian or something else.
Cambodian food would be perfect.
What city should I look in?
I would like to have it in San Fran.
Angkor Borei Restaurant is a nice San Francisco restaurant.
Works for me. Would you look for a salon there too? A unisex salon in San Fran would be good.
1512 Barber Shop is a good San Francisco salon.
Sounds good to me. Please book me a salon appointment.
What date would you like the appointment on?
I would like to visit on 11th of March.
What time would you like your appointment?
I need the appointment to be at 4 o"clock in the evening.
Could you confirm that you would like to book an appointment at the hairstylist 1512 Barber Shop for 4 pm on March 11th?
Sounds great. What is the address?
The address is 1532 20th Street. I am sorry that I was unable to book the appointment. Would you like to book at 1512 Barber Shop on March 11th at 3:30 pm?
That is fine.
The appointment has been confirmed.
What is the rating on average?
It has an average rating of 4.8
Thanks so much. Would you book a table at the restaurant that I was interested for 2 people at six pm?
Please confirm that you would like to book a table at Angkor Borei Restaurant in San Francisco at 6 pm for 2 on March 11th.
That sounds great. I would like to hear some live music. Do they have that? What is the address of the place?
Your reservation has been made. They don't have live music. They are located at 3471 Mission Street.
Thanks a bunch. I'd like to listen to some music now. How about The Night We Met?
Confirm that you want to play the song The Night We Met on the TV.
That is correct.
Please enjoy the music.
Thanks!
Could I help with something else?
No,thanks.
Have a great day.
Can you find me somewhere to eat?
Sure, what do you fancy? Chinese, Indian? And where would you like me to look?
Can you see if there's anywhere that does Korean Hot Pot food in Dublin? Something in a moderate price range.
Sure, what about the Go Goong restaurant in Dublin? It looks nice!
Can you get me their address and number please?
Sure, the number is 925-829-7237 and they are at 7178 Regional Street
Cool, thank you
Do you want me to book you a table?
Not right now. Are there any salons there?
Do you want me to look for salons in Dublin?
Yes please
There's 2 in Dublin that look good, what about Anu'S Beautique?
Is it a unisex salon? And can you grab me the number?
Sure, the number is 925-560-8569. I've had a look and it's not unisex.
Okay thanks. Can you book me an appointment?
Sure, what time?
4:30 in the evening please
Okay, and what date?
Can you book it for the 5th please
Sure. Can you confirm that you want me to book an appointment for 4:30 pm on March 5th at Anu'S Beautique?
Yes please!
Sorry, I couldn't book it. Can I do anything else?
Can you see if there's an appointment available Monday next week?
Sure. Just confirm that you want me to book an appointment at Anu'S Beautique for 4:30 pm on March 4th?
Yes please
Great, it's been booked for you
Thank you! Can you book a table for that restaurant? I'll need a table for 4 at 19:00
Sure, just confirm that you want me to book a table for 4 at Go Goong in Dublin, for 7 pm on March 4th?
Yes please. Do you know they have live music?
Unfortunately not. I have booked the table for you though.
Thank you! Can you play Before I Leave by Jah Cure on my tv?
Sure, just confirm that you want me to play Before I leave on the TV?
Yes please
Alright, it's on for you
Thank you! What genre is this?
It's reggae
Cool, thanks. I don't need anything else.
No problem! Enjoy the music.
Can you find me a place to eat?
Sure. Would you like Indian, Chinese or something else? Where would you like to search?
Find me a Coffeehouse in San Leandro.
How about McDonald's in San Leandro?
Do they have live music? What is the phone number?
They do feature live music. You can contact them at 510-430-9417.
Yes,that will work.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Not now.
Do you need anything else?
Yes. Can you find me a nearby salon?
In San Leandro?
Yes, that's right.
I found 2 salons that you might like. How about Sofia African Hair Braiding in San Leandro?
Find something else, something in San Francisco.
How about 1512 Barber Shop in San Francisco?
Yes, that sounds awesome.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes, please book one.
What date and time works for you?
Try booking something on March 12th at 14:30.
Please confirm the following: You need an appointment at 1512 Barber Shop for March 12th at 2:30 pm.
Sounds good. What is their rating and phone number?
They have a 4.8 rating and can be reached at 415-286-4371. Your appointment is booked.
Can you get me a table at that restaurant? Try booking it for half past 11 in the morning.
Please confirm that you want to book a table for 2 at McDonald's in San Francisco for March 12th at 11:30 am.
Yes, that is correct. Does the restaurant serve alcohol? Where are they located?
They don't serve alcohol. They are located at 255 Winston Drive. Your reservation is complete.
I want to listen to some music now.
What song would you like to listen to?
Play Moves.
Playing the song Moves on the TV.
Yes, do that. Who is the artist?
The song is by Olly Murs. I hope you enjoy your music!
Thanks! That's all.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Can you help me find a place to eat?
What type of food and in which city?
I'd like a cafe in Santa Clara.
I found 1 option for you. La Fontana is a cafe in Santa Clara.
Yes, that sounds great.
Do you want me to reserve a table for you?
Perhaps later, not right now.
Do you need help with anything else?
Can you find me a salon in Santa Clara?
You want to find a salon in Santa Clara?
Yes, that's correct.
About Time Barber Shop is a good option is Santa Clara.
Can you find me a different one? I'd like a unisex salon.
Jimmy Hair Team is a good unisex salon in Santa Clara.
Yes, that one sounds good. Can you book me an appointment on the 13th?
What time do you want me to reserve?
I'd like the appointment to be half past 5 in the evening.
Please confirm: Jimmy Hair Team appointment at 5:30 pm on March 13th.
Yes, that's correct. What's their rating?
The appointment is confirmed. Their rating is 4.2.
Thanks so much.
Do you need help with anything else?
Yeah, can you book me a table at the cafe from earlier?
At what time?
7:45 in the evening please.
Please confirm: reserve a table for 2 at La Fontana in Santa Clara on March 13th at 7:45 pm.
Actually, just make it at 7:30 in the evening.
Please confirm: the reservation time should be 7:30 pm and the date should be March 13th.
Actually, it's just for 1 person.
Please confirm: a 7:30 pm reservation for 1 person.
Yes, that's correct.
Your reservation is successful.
Can you play some music now? I like songs by Brunettes Shoot Blondes.
Do you have a particular song in mind?
Yes, how about Knock Knock?
Please confirm: play Knock Knock on TV.
Yes, that'll work.
Enjoy the music!
Thanks so much!
Can I help you with anything else?
No, thanks. That'll be all.
It's been a pleasure.
I am searching for a place to eat.
What type of food do you need?
I prefer some Japanese type of food.
In which city shall I search in?
I need it in SF.
I searched and found 10 restaurants for you. 2g Japanese Brasserie is good restaurant in San Francisco.
Will they serve liquor?
Yes. they provide liquor.
Yes. it is good for me. Is there any salon?
Shall I search for a salon in San Francisco?
Yes. it is good.
1512 Barber Shop is a good salon in San Francisco.
Whether it is unisex?
Yes. it is a unisex salon.
What is their contact address and what about their rating?
The contact address is 1532 20th Street. It has 4.8 rating.
Yes. It is good.
Shall I do the appointment?
Yes. Book an appointment. I wish to have the appointment at 17:00 on 12th of March.
Kindly ensure that, on March 12th, appointment is done with 1512 Barber Shop at 5 pm.
Yes. it is good. What is their phone number?
The contact number is 415-286-4371. I am sorry that I am unable to do the appointment. 1512 Barber Shop is a great salon. What about an appointment on March 12th at 5:30 pm.
Yes. it is good.
Your appointment is done.
Could you help me in booking a table in restaurant at 7 o"clock in the evening.
Kindly ensure that, on March 12th, table has been booked for 2 persons at 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco at 7 pm.
Yes. it is good for me.
Your booking is done.
I wish to listen some music. Broadcast it on my bedroom speaker. I wish to listen Qaynona. I love Shahzoda songs.
Kindly ensure that, Qaynona song is played on your Bedroom speaker.
Yes. It is good.
Enjoy the music.
Thank you so much.
Do you need any other help?
No. Thank you so much.
Have a fantastic day.
I'd like to eat something. I prefer Japanese food.
What is your current address ?
I prefer in SF.
There's 10 Japanese restaurant in San Francisco, but you should try 2g Japanese Brasserie.
How's the pricing of their food there? Do they have beer or liquor there?
They only serve alcohol. Their pricing there is moderate.
Any other restaurant ?
Also in San Francisco, try Ace Wasabi Rock-n-roll Sushi.
Sounds good to me. Can you suggest any nearby salon there.
Would you mind if i make an appointment for you in a salon in San Francisco ?
Okay. A unisex salon will do
There are 10 salon in San Francisco. You should try 1512 Barber Shop.
How can i contact them ?
Here's their contact number 415-286-4371.
Is there any other salon ?
Try 20Th Salon And Barber it's also in San Francisco.
Sounds interesting to me. Would you please make an appointment for me at Thursday next week at afternoon 2:30 ?
Please check your details: Name of salon is 20tH Salon and Barber your schedule is on March 7th at 2:30 pm.
Nope. I want to go there on the 4th.
Please check again the details: Name of salon is 20Th Salon and Barber your schedule is on March 4th at 2:30 pm.
Yeah it's okay.
Your reservation is approved.
Thanks a lot. Could u reserve me a table at the restaurant I liked ? I prefer 11:45 am
Please confirm your reservations: A table for 2 people at Ace Wasabi Rock-n-roll Sushi at San Francisco on March 4th at 11:45 am.
Okay. Can you give me their contact info? Do they have liquor there?
Their contact number is 415-567-4903. Let me remind you that i wasn't able to make a reservation for 2 in Ace Wasabi Rock-n-Roll Sushi on March 4th at 11:45 am. Is it ok if 12 pm ?
Yeah it's fine.
Your reservation is approved. Enjoy there
Thanks a lot. I'm in the mood in listening Mark Morton songs right now ?
Name me the song.
Can you play Cross Off? I want it on bedroom device.
Please confirm your request: Cross Off by Mark Morton and to be played on Bedroom speaker
Yeah right. In what year was that song is released ? What genre of music is it ?
It's Metal kind of genre and it was released this year 2019. Enjoy listening
Thanks a lot
Anything else ?
That's all. Thanks by the way!
Have a nice day ahead.
I'm looking for a restaurant
Do you prefer Indian, Italian or some other kind of food?
I want to eat some Pizza kind of food!
In which city?
I want to eat pizza in Alameda
There are 3 restaurants in Alameda, for example C'era Una Volta
Yes, It's fine! I need also a unisex saloon in Alameda
I found Al'S Barber Shop in Alameda
What's their telephone number?
The number is 510-473-7869
Can you find another salon?
In Alameda I propose you Great Clips
What's the phone number?
The phone number is 510-522-7587
I would prefer another salon
What about Salon 1500 in Alameda?
Yes, It's good for me!
Do you want to book an appointment here?
Yes, please. I want to book at 5 in the evening on 12th of March
An appointment at Salon 1500 on March 12th at 5 pm. Is it correct?
Yes, It's correct. Can I get its address and its telephone number?
Sure! The address is 1500 Encinal Avenue, and its telephone number is 510-522-2881. You appointment is booked!
Perfect! I want to reserve a table at the restaurant
What time do you want to reserve the table?
I prefer at 6:45 pm, please
A table for 2 people at C'Era Una Volta in Alameda, on March 12th at 6:45 pm. Is it correct?
Yes, It's correct. Book it.
Unfortunately it is not available. Do I try to book a table for 2 people at C'era Una Volta on March 12th at 7 pm?
Yes, it's fine even at 7 pm
Your table is booked!
Very good. I want to listen Grow As We Go, by Ben Platt. Play it on my bedroom.
Play the song Grow As We Go on Bedroom speaker. Is it correct?
Yes, it's correct. Which album contains this song?
This song is in the album Sing To Me Instead. Good listening!
Was this song written six years ago? Is it a pop or rock song?
It's a Pop song from 2019
Thanks for helping!
Have a nice day
my mouth is watering to eat food from outside. find a good place to eat?
what kind of food do you like the most whether italian, chinese or any other thing?
some diner kind of food is comfortable for me.
in which city should i search for?
i need it in san carlos.
What about izzy's san carlos which is a nice restaurant located in san carlos?
whether they have live music?
no they do not have live music.
what is their address and phone number?
their street address is 525 skyway road and their phone number is 650-654-2822.
ok , its suits for me. find me a good salon over there? i need a unisex salon and should be in san carlos.
how about Sasha salon which is in san carlos?
what is its address?
the address of the salon is 58 el camino real.
ok that sounds good. Book an appointment at a salon .
at what time and on what date would you like to have an appointment?
i want the appointment at five in the evening and on the 10th.
please check and confirm the following details. the name of the salon is sasha salon , the appointment is at 5 pm and the appointment is on march 10th.
ok that sounds good.
appointment is fixed.
thanks a lot. Will you book a table at the restaurant which i liked at 20:00?
please confirm the following details. book a table at izzy's san carlos. the city is san carlos and the reservation is a 8 pm. the reservation is for 2 people and the date is march 10th.
ok that suits for me.
sorry i was unable to make a reservation. Whether i need to find any other thing?
i need to book it again at 7:30 pm.
please confirm the following details. book a table at izzy's san carlos. the city is san carlos and the reservation is a 7:30 pm. the reservation is for 2 people and the date is march 10th.
ok thats sound good to me
reservation is completed.
Whether the price range is afforadable ? whether they serve liquor?
they do not serve alcohol and the price range is moderate.
thanks a lot and find some music to listen now ? i like latency and songs by martin garrix.
please confirm the following details: play the song latency on TV.
ok thats great.
have a good day enjoy your music
what kind of music is it and what is the album name?
it is a house song and from the album the martin garrix experience.
ok thanks for now, thats all i needed
take care have a great day
I want to eat out tonight.
In which city?
Somewhere affordable in San Jose.
What type of cuisine? Italian, indian or something else?
I am in the mood for some asian fusion.
There are 10 restaurants available in san jose. I recommend dynasty.
What is the address?
It is at 1001 story road.
What number can I reach them at?
The number is 408-286-6668.
Yes, that would be fine.
Would you like to reserve a table there?
Not right now. I want to visit a salon in San Jose.
There are 10 salon in san jose. I recommend atelier salon willow glen.
I will check them out.
Anything else you need?
I want to schedule an appointment at the salon.
For what time?
I want to go there on March 8th at three in the afternoon.
You would like to schedule an appointment at atelier salon willow glen for 3 pm on March 8th?
That would be fine. What is the address and contact number?
I have confirmed the appointment. It is located at 1047 lincoln highway suite 101 and the number is 408-293-3494.
Thanks a lot. I want to book a table at the restaurant.
For what time?
For 12:45 pm.
You would like to reserve a table for 2 at dynasty in san jose for March 8th at 12:45 pm?
That would be fine.
I apologize but I was not able to make the reservation. You would like a table for 2 at dynasty for March 8th at 1 pm instead?
Yes, that would be great.
I have made the reservation.
Thanks a lot. I want to relax and listen to some music.
What would you like to listen?
I want to hear buttercup.
You want to listen to buttercup on tv.
That's right. Who sang that song?
It is a song by jack stauber. I hope you enjoy it.
What genre of music is it and from which album?
It is a pop song from the album pop food.
Thanks. That would be all.
Enjoy your day.
I would like to find a reasonably priced place to eat in Orinda please.
What type of food? Would you like Chinese or American maybe?
I want diner food, actually.
I have 2 restaurants in Orinda. How about Casa Orinda?
Do they have alcohol there?
Yes, they do.
What's the phone number?
The telephone number is 925-254-4630.
Thank you. I would also like a salon in Orinda.
How about Great Clips in Orinda?
Are they a unisex salon? And what is the phone number there?
Yes, they are unisex and the phone number is 925-254-7474.
Sounds good, thank you. I'd like to make an appointment there at 4:30 pm on the 11th.
Confirming a salon appointment at Great Clips on March 11th, 4:30 pm.
Thank you. What kind of rating do they have?
They are rated 3.9 and the appointment has been booked.
What's the address there?
They're located at 979 Broadway Ave Ste 108.
Thanks a lot. Can you try booking a two pm reservation at that restaurant?
Confirming a table for 2 on March 11th in Orinda at Casa Orinda at 2 pm.
That is great, thanks.
I'm sorry, there was a problem booking the table. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Try the reservation again in the afternoon 1:30.
Confirming a table for 2 people in Orinda at Casa Orinda on March 11th at 1:30 pm.
Okay, good. What is their address and do they have live music there?
No, there's no live music there, I'm sorry. The address is 20 Bryant Way and table is booked.
Thank you. I'd like you to play Show Me How You Burlesque on my tv now please.
Confirming playback of Show Me How You Burlesque on the TV device.
Yes, thank you.
Enjoy the music.
Thanks, I will.
Anything else right now?
No, thank again.
You're very welcome.
Hi, could you help me search for some good places to eat please?
Sure, any preference on the type of food and the location of the restaurant?
Yes, some taiwanese food in the San Fran area would be great!
How about Alice's, which is a nice restaurant in San Francisco?
Yes, I am fine with that. Could you help me search for a salon there too?
Are you referring to the San Francisco area/
Yes, that is fine with me.
Would you like to visit the 1512 Barber Shop in San Francisco?
May I have their contact number?
You can contact them at 415-286-4371.
Are there any alternatives available?
How about the 20Th Salon And Barber located in San Francisco?
That sounds great! Could you schedule an appointment there the day after tomorrow at afternoon 2:30?
Sure! Please confirm your appointment with 20Th Salon And Barber at 2:30 pm on March 3rd.
That sounds great! Is this a unisex salon and where are they located at?
Your appointment has been made. This is a unisex salon and you can visit them at 2737 20th Street!
Could you make a reservation for two at the restaurant we talked about previously?
Sure, what time will you be visiting them?
I intend to visit in the morning 11:30 with a group of four people.
Please confirm your reservation for 4 at Alice's in San Francisco at 11:30 am on March 3rd.
This sounds great to me!
Your reservation has been made.
Do you know where are they located?
You can visit them at 1599 Sanchez Street.
And how can I contact them?
You can call them up at 415-282-8999.
I see, could you play some nice music for me please?
Any specific song you would like to listen to?
I would like to listen to John Wayne.
Please confirm your request to play John Wayne on the TV.
Sure, that is correct.
Your music is currently playing, enjoy!
Sure, thank you so much! That is all I need.
No problem, enjoy your day!
I want to find a restaurant please.
What type of food? Indian or Mexican maybe?
I want Korean barbeque.
In what city please?
Someplace in Concord.
How about Imperial Seafood Restaurant in Concord?
Okay, why not?
Do you want to book a table?
Not now, thanks. I want to find a salon please, something unisex in Concord.
There are 6 salons in Concord. How about Breds Barbershop?
What else do you have?
I also have Empire Barbershop in Concord.
Sounds goos, please make an appointment for me.
What time and what date?
On March 10th at half past 3 in the afternoon.
Confirming a 3:30 pm appointment on March 10th at Empire Barbershop.
Okay, great, thank you.
The appointment has been set.
Would you please book a table at that restaurant?
For what time?
In the afternoon 12.
Confirming a table at Imperial Seafood Restaurant on March 10th at 12 pm for 2 people in Concord.
Great, thank you. Do they serve alcohol there?
They do not. The table has been booked.
May I hear a song now?
What song would you like?
How about the Nick Murphy song called No Diggity?
Confirming playback of No Diggity on your TV device.
Sorry, can you play Gold on the bedroom speaker?
Confirming playback of Gold on the bedroom speaker.
Sounds good. Which album does that come from?
It's a song from the Built on Glass album.
Thanks very much.
Anything else today?
I think I'm all set.
Thank you very much.
What good places are there to eat? I want Noodles that are budget priced in Concord.
I found 1 restaurant for you in Concord. It's called Hunan Restaurant.
Do they have live music and booze?
They have neither.
Great. Becky likes neither.
Do you want to book a table?
Not now. Can you also find a salon?
A salon in Concord?
Yes that will work.
I found 6 salons in Concord. Breds Barbershop is a good one.
What's their rating and number?
Their rating is 3.7 and the number is 925-446-4144.
Sounds great and thanks for the info.
May I help you with another task?
Just book an appointment at the salon you mentioned.
What date do you want it on?
For the 13th of this month.
What time do want?
Make it for 5:15 pm.
Please confirm the following: Booking an appointment at Breds Barbershop for March 13th at 5:15 pm.
No, make for 2:15 in the afternoon on March 5th.
Please confirm the appointment details: 2:15 pm on March 5th.
Yes, sounds great. What's the address?
4330 Clayton Road Suite J. The appointment was unsuccessful. How about I try Breds Barbershop again, this time I make it for March 5th at 2 pm.
Yes, that is okay.
Your appointment is now confirmed!
Thank you. Can you try booking a table the restaurant we discussed earlier.
Yes, for what time?
Do it for 16:45.
Please confirm the following: Booking a table at Hunan Restaurant for 2 on March 5th at 4:45 pm. The restaurant is in Concord.
Yes, please do it. What's their phone number?
The number is 925-827-4800. Sorry the reservation at Hunan Restaurant did not go through. Shall I try again for 2 people on March 5th at 5 pm?
Yes, do it.
Your reservation was successfully confirmed!
What's their address?
4804 Clayton Road.
Thank you a bunch! I want to listen to some music before Becky gets home. Cast it to my kitchen speaker.
What song do you want to hear?
I want to listen to Crush.
Please confirm the playback details: Play Crush on the Kitchen speaker.
Yes, that works.
Music is now playing.
Thank you! Goodbye.
Have a wonderful day!
I need to find a place to eat. I would like eating some kind of Greek food, and I want the restaurant to be in SFO.
There are 5 restaurants which you might like. One of the restaurants is Ayola which is a good restaurant, and can be found in San Francisco.
Is there some other restaurant you can recommend? The restaurant I am looking for should be afforadable priced.
There are 2 restaurants which match your requests. One of the restaurants is the Novy Restaurant in San Francisco.
That suits me well. Can you also find me a salon there, since I will be in the area?
Do you want the salon to be in San Francisco?
That seems nice.
A good salon I can recommend is 1512 Barber Shop in San Francisco.
That is good. I want to make a reservation for an appointment at this salon. I want the appointment to be for March 6th at 17:15.
Can you please confirm that you want to make a reservation for an appointment for the hair stylist 1512 Barber Shop on March 6th at 5:15 pm?
That is what I want.
I apologize but I could not make your requested reservation. The 1512 Barber Shop is actually a good salon so do you want me to try again to make the appointment for March 6th at 5 pm?
That would work well for me too.
Your requested appointment has been booked.
Now I want to book a table at the restaurant I liked before.
Can you tell me the time for when you want the reservation to be made for?
I want the table to be booked for half past 6 in the evening, for 1 person.
Can you please confirm that you want to book a table for 1 person at Novy Restaurant in San Francisco for March 6th at 6:30 pm?
That is not right, because I want the table for four people, and I want the reservation to be for 7:45 in the evening.
Can you please confirm that you want to book the table for 4 people at 7:45 pm.
That suits me well. Can you check if they have live music?
Unfortunately they do not have live music there. I apologize but I could not make your requested reservation. Do you want me to try again make a reservation at Novy Restaurant for 4 people on March 6th at 7:30 pm?
That seems nice to me.
Your requested reservation has been made.
Can you tell me if they serve liquor there? Can you also give me the address for this restaurant?
The restaurant is found at 4000 24th Street. From what I can tell, they do not serve alcohol.
I appreciate it very much.
Is there something else I can help you with?
I want to listen to some music now. I want to listen to Fight Song on my bedroom speaker, and I usually enjoy the songs by Rachel Platten.
Can you please confirm that you want to play the Fight Song on Bedroom speaker?
That is what I want. Can you tell me from which album is this from?
Have a good time listening to the song. The song is from the album called Fight Song.
I appreciate it! That would be all.
Have a good time!
I need to find a restaurant which serves alcohol in Redwood City please.
What type of cuisine?
Something Latin American would be nice.
How about La Viga Seafood & Cocina Mexicana in Redwood City?
Sounds good. I need a salon too please.
In Redwood City?
Yes, that's right.
I recommend August Barbershop in Redwood City.
Sounds fine. I'd like an appointment please.
At what time?
How about 16:00?
On what date?
On Thursday next week.
Confirming an appointment at August Barbershop on March 7th at 4 pm.
Sounds great, thank you.
The appointment has been set.
Would you try for a restaurant reservation now? For four.
At what time?
In the evening 6:15.
Confirming a table for 4 on March 7th at 6:15 pm in Redwood City at La Viga Seafood & Cocina Mexicana.
Sounds good to me.
I apologize, I couldn't make the reservation. Would you like me to try for March 7th at 6 pm for 4 at La Viga Seafood & Cocina Mexicana?
Please do, yes.
The table has been booked.
What's their phone number? And is it an extravagant place?
They are in the moderate price range and you may reach them at 650-679-8141.
Thanks. Can you play a song now on the bedroom speaker?
What song please?
How about Neon Gravestones?
Confirming playback of Neon Gravestones on the bedroom speaker.
Correct, thank you.
Enjoy the song.
What year is that from and what genre?
It's an Indietronica song from 2018.
Okay, thanks again.
Thank you very much.
I have a plan to eat outside and particularly I like to have Italian foods. Can you search for the one with affordable priced?
yes, in which City you want me to search for the place to eat your favorite food, any option?
Yes, I like to eat at a nice place in Windsor.
Got a restaurant which is Mary's Pizza Shack and it is the best place to eat and the same is located in Windsor.
I changed my mind. I want to have Diner food for which please search for the best place to eat in the same City.
That's okay. I have searched for your new interest and got 3 restaurants among which I think Charlie's Restaurant is the perfect one in Windsor. What about your opinion?
That is great and thanks for your work.
Do you want me to book the table in this restaurant now?
No, I may want it later. Now, I want to search for a Salon there. Can you do it for me?
Yes, of course. What about your convenient place whether you want it in the same City as Windsor?
Yes, search it in the same City and I need an Unisex Salon.
How about the one named Great Clips at Windsor?
Where it is located?
It is located at 9018 Brooks Road South.
That is okay to me. Can you fix an appointment at this Salon for the date 14th of this month at 5 o"clock in the evening?.
I need your confirmation to make an appointment with the Salon Great Clips at 5 pm on March 14th.
Yes, confirmed. Also get me their contact number.
Successfully confirmed your appointment and the phone number is 925-210-0613.
Thanks for that information. Now I want to proceed with the booking of table at that restaurant which I was selected before.
At what time?
I need it at eight in the night.
Please confirm to book a table for 2 at Charlie's Restaurant in Windsor on March 14th at 8 pm.
please make it for three persons.
Please confirm to book a table for 3 at Charlie's Restaurant in Windsor on March 14th at 8 pm.
That is perfect. Do it now.
Sorry, I couldn't make it, How can I help you further?
Please continue to search for the availability of table at quarter past 7 in the evening on that restaurant.
Please confirm to book a table for 3 at Charlie's Restaurant in Windsor on March 14th at 7:15 pm.
Yes, please do it.
Sorry, again that time is also not available. Shall I book it at 7:30 pm on the same day March 14th in the same Charlie's Restaurant for 3 persons.?
Yes, that time is also okay to me. Go ahead.
Your booking was confirmed on that restaurant.
Let me know their address and also check for the availability of live music there.
The address is 1320 19th Hole Drive and please note that they do not offer live music there. Is that okay?
Yes, it's okay for me. Now I want to search for some nice songs like Epiphany and I wan to listen it on the speaker in the bedroom
Please confirm to play the song Epiphany on bedroom speaker.
That is nice and thanks.
Song started playing now.
That's all I want.
Have a great day.
Can you help me find a place to eat
Which city are you looking for?
I want one in Los Gatos
Sure, are you looking for mexican, american or any other type of food?
I am craving some sichuan food.
Okay, how about jasmine chinese cuisine in Los Gatos?
Perfect. can you also find me a salon there?
Should I search in Los Gatos?
Yes, that is correct.
How about great clips in Los Gatos?
Is it unisex? waht is the average rating?
It is a unisex salon with a rating of 3.8
Cool, book me an appointment there for march 8th 3:45 pm
booking an appointment at great clips on march 8th 3:45 pm
Sounds perfect to me
I wasn't able to book that appointment. How about one at great clips on march 8th 3:30 pm
That works for me too
appointment successfully booked
Thanks, can you also book the table at the restaurant as well
What time should I make the booking for?
Book it for 6:30 pm for one
Booking a table for 1 at jasmine chinese cuisine Los gatos at 6:30 pm on march 8th.
No, change that to 13:30 for four.
Booking for 4 at 1:30 pm
Sounds perfect now.
Your booking is confirmed.
Can you also cast satisfaction by Zayn malik on bedroom device?
sure, playing satisfaction on the bedroom speaker.
Okay, is it a song from '17?
No, it is from 2018
What king of music is it?
It is a pop song.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Anything else I can help with?
No, thanks again,
Enjoy your music.
I'll be visiting Sunnyvale soon, and would like to dine at a restaurant serving alcohol.
Did you have a particular cuisine, such as Chinese, Italian or anything else in mind?
A restaurant serving Barbecue works for me.
Black Angus Steakhouse is a nice Sunnyvale restaurant.
Yes, that's fine. Could you also find me a unisex salon there?
Please confirm that you're looking for a salon in Sunnyvale.
That is correct.
A+ Haircuts For Men is a nice Sunnyvale salon.
Please tell me its average rating and phone number.
Their average rating is 4.1 and you can reach them by phone at 408-743-5780.
Thanks. I like the salon and would like to schedule an appointment on 4th of this month at 5:15 in the evening.
Please confirm that you'd like to set a hair stylist appointment at A+ Haircuts For Men for March 4th at 5:15 pm.
No, there's been a change of plans. Please schedule the visit for 10th of March.
Sure, no problem. Please confirm that you'd like to set a hair stylist appointment at A+ Haircuts For Men for March 10th .
That is correct.
Unfortunately, I was unable to book the appointment you requested at the nice A+ Haircuts For Men salon. They have an opening on March 10th at 5 pm. Will that work for you?
Yes, that works for me.
I have successfully booked your appointment.
Remember the restaurant I liked? Please reserve a table there.
For what time should I make the reservation?
Book it for seven pm.
Okay. Please confirm that you'd like to reserve a table for 2 at the Black Angus Steakhouse restaurant in Sunnyvale, for 7 pm on March 10th.
That is correct.
I have successfully made your reservation.
I'm in the mood for some music now.
What song should I play for you?
I'd like to hear Black Widow.
Please confirm that you'd the song like Black Widow played on TV.
No, I've changed my mind. Play How Long Will I Love You instead. I want to know if it's as good as friends claim.
Sure, no problem. Please confirm that you'd like the song How Long Will I Love You played on TV
Yes, you got that right. What genre is it, and in what album is it?
Do enjoy your music. It's a Pop song from the Halcyon Days album.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
Will you be needing my help with anything else?
No. Thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
Thank you, and do have yourself a wonderful day!
I am planning to eat outside once for which I need your help to find a suitable place for me. Can you help now?
Yes, in which City do you want me to search for the place to eat?
I like to eat some Caribbean foods and I want the same in San Rafael.
I got 1 good place which is Whipper Snapper Restaurant located in San Rafael. What about your opinion on this place?
That will be a good place I think. I also want to find a Salon there in San Rafael, can you find the suitable one?
yes, What do you think about Best Coast Cuts in San Rafael who is one of the best hair stylists in that City?
I want to know their address and contact number to decide.
You can contact them by the phone number 415-250-4370 and their address is 294 North San Pedro Road.
That is nice. Thanks.
Do you want me to book an appointment to that Salon?
Yes, make it for me.
Let me know your convenient time to fix the appointment.
I think I will be comfortable at 5:30 in the evening. Fix that time.
in Which date?
I want the appointment to be on March 8th.
Please confirm to book an appointment with the salon at Best Coast Cuts for the time 5:30 pm on March 8th.
Yes, that is confirmed. Also I want to check whether it is an Unisex salon or not and also check about their rating?
Your appointment was confirmed to that salon. Yes, It is an Unisex salon and their rating is 5.0.
Thanks for this information. Now, I want to proceed with the booking of a table at the restaurant that you have found for me before.
I want to know your convenient time to book the table on that restaurant.
I want it at evening 7:30.
Need your confirmation to book a table for 2 at Whipper Snapper Restaurant in San Rafael for the time 7:30 pm on March 8th.
That is correct to proceed.
I have successfully booked the table as per your requirements.
Please also check about their pricing details and the availability of liquor supply?
They offer foods for moderate price range only and sorry liquor supply is not available there.
Thanks for your information. Now I want to find some nice songs especially I like to listen songs by Witwisit Hiranyawongkul. Can you help me in this?
Of course, which is your favorite song?
Can you play the song Fortunately I met you for me?
Yes, please confirm to play the song Fortunately I Met You on TV.
Yes, proceed. Also check about the year in which this song was released whether it is from one years ago? and what is the type of this song?
It is from the year 2014 and it is pop type song. Song started playing now and you can enjoy it.
Thanks and that's all for now.
Have a great day.
Find me a restaurant to eat at.
Do you like Italian, Indian, or some other type of food and what city do you want to eat in?
I want to eat Diner food in Concord.
Search revealed 5 plaes. Claim Jumper Restaurants is a diner in Concord.
Is alcohol available?
They do have alcohol for sale.
What is their phone number?
You can contact them at 925-798-4300.
That is great. I need to find a salon there too.
Do you want a salon in Concord?
Yes, I do.
Breds Barbershop is in Concord.
What else do you have?
Empire Barbershop is in Concord?
Where is it located at ?
It is located at 114 Sun Valley Mall.
What other salons can you find?
First Class Barber Shop is in Concord.
What is the venue location?
It is located at 1585 Clayton Road.
That works for me.
Shall I make a booking for you?
Yes, I want to make a booking for 3 o"clock in the afternoon for Saturday this week.
You want a 3 pm booking on March 2nd for First Class Barber Shop, correct?
That would be correct.
Your booking is complete.
Is it a unisex place and how can I contact them?
The phone number of this unisex salon is 925-349-6036.
Thanks. Can you get me a table for 3 at that restaurant I want?
What time do you want to eat?
I wish to eat at afternoon 1.
You want a table for 3 people at 1 pm at Claim Jumper Restaurants in Concord on March 2nd, correct?
That is right. What is their price range and do they have live bands.
They have moderate prices and do not have live bands. I can't make your appointment time. Do you want a 12:30 pm reservation for 3 people on March 2nd at Claim Jumper Restaurants?
That is fine.
Your booking is complete.
Play me the song Crazy by Ornette.
You want to play the song Crazy on the TV, correct?
That is right. Was the song released in '15?
It was released in 2011 and I hope you like your song.
What genre of music is it?
It is under the Pop genre.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need any more help?
No, not right now. Thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
Hi there, could you help me search for places to eat in Foster City please?
Sure, any preference on the type of food?
A place which serves Szcheuan food will be great.
How about a restaurant called 5 Joy Restaurant located in Foster City?
Sure, I am fine with that. Could you find a salon in that area too?
Are you referring to Foster City?
Yes I am.
There is a nice salon called Barberia Salon in Foster city.
That sounds great to me!
Would you like me to make an appointment for you?
Yes, could you do so please at quarter to 7 in the evening?
When do you intend to visit them?
I intend to visit them at 3:30 pm on March 14th instead.
Sure, please confirm your appointment with Barberia Salon at 3:30 pm on March 14th.
That sounds great!
Your appointment has been scheduled.
May I know if this is a unisex salon and how can I contact them?
This is not a unisex salon, and you can contact them at 650-349-2414.
Thank you! Could you proceed to book the restaurant you mentioned previously?
Sure, what time will you be visiting them?
I will be visiting them at six pm.
Please confirm your reservation for 2 at 5 Joy Restaurant in Foster City at 6 pm on March 14th.
Sure, that is fine with me. Do you know if they serve alcohol?
Yes they do serve alcohol. Your reservation has been made.
May I know if their food is afforadable priced?
Their food is moderate priced.
I see, thank you so much!
Do you need any other help?
Can you play some music for me please?
Any preference on the song you would like?
Could you play If I Told You by Darius Rucker on my bedroom speaker please?
Sure, please confirm your request to play If I Told You on the bedroom speaker.
Sure, that is correct.
Enjoy listening to the music!
Sure, thank you so much, that is all the help I need.
Have a great day ahead!
What cool restaurants are there?
What kind of food do you want? Which city should I look in?
I like Fish. Try San Mateo.
I found 4 restaurants in San Mateo. Try Joy Sushi please.
Yes, that works well. Can you also find a unisex salon?
In San Mateo?
Yes, in San Mateo.
I found 10 salons you may like in San Mateo. A good one is called Elite Hair Design.
Yes, sounds great.
Shall I make an appointment?
Yes, please do.
What day and time do you like?
Make it for the 12th of March at 4:15 pm.
Please confirm the following: Booking an appointment with Elite Hair Design on March 12th at 4:15 pm.
Yes, what's the address?
Sorry I was unable to get that time for you. May I help you with a different task?
Try it again. Change it to evening 4:30.
Please confirm the booking details: An appointment at Elite Hair Design for March 12th at 4:30 pm.
Yes, please do it. What's the number and rating?
Sorry the appointment did not work. Can I help with something else?
Really? They must be busy try it for the 13th of this month.
Please confirm the following: Booking an appointment with Elite Hair Design for March 13th at 4:30 pm.
Yes, I hope it works.
Your appointment has been successfully booked.
Great! Can you book a table at the restaurant you mentioned last. It's for 4.
At what time?
Do it for 7 o"clock in the evening.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table for 4 at Joy Sushi in San Mateo. The date is scheduled for March 13th at 7 pm.
Yes, that is perfect.
Your reservation was successful.
I feel like listening to some music right now.
Which song do you want to hear?
Whore please. It has a unique sound.
Please confirm. Play Whore on the TV.
Yes, that's good.
Enjoy the song!
What kind of music is it!
It's a metalcore song.
Thanks for the info.
May I assist you further?
No, thanks, i'm good.
Have a wonderful day!
I want a place to eat in SF.
What type of food do you want?
I am in the mood for some Freshwater fish.
Akiko's Sushi Bar is in San Francisco.
Where are they located?
They are located at 542 A Mason Street.
What else do you have?
Alamo Square Seafood Grill is in San Francisco as well.
Do they have any live bands.
They do not have any live bands.
That is great. I need a salon in SF too.
1512 Barber Shop is in San Francisco.
Find me something else, a unisex salon.
20Th Salon and Barber is a unisex salon in San Francisco.
What else do you have?
A Businessman'S Haircut is in San Francisco.
That works for me. Get me a booking for 14:30 Tuesday next week.
You want a 2:30 pm reservation on March 5th to A Businessman'S Haircut, correct?
That is correct.
Your booking is complete.
Book me that restaurant from earlier?
What time do you want to eat?
I wish to eat at 5:15 in the evening.
You want a table for 2 at Alamo Square Seafood Grill in San Francisco at 5:15 pm on March 5th, correct?
That is right.
I can't book that time. I can get a table for 2 at Alamo Square Seafood Grill in San Francisco at 5:30 pm on March 5th.
That is fine.
Your table is booked.
What is their location do they have alcohol?
They are located at 803 Fillmore Street and they don't have alcohol.
Thanks a lot. Play some music in my bedroom.
Do you have a song in mind?
Play Fake You OUt by Twenty One Pilots.
You want to cast the song Fake You Out to the Bedroom speaker, correct?
That is right.
Your song has started playing.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need more help?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
I want to find a place to eat.
What kind of food? Maybe, Mexican, American or somethig else. What City should I search in?
Some southern food in Pleasanton.
I have 4 restraunts for you. Baci Bistro And Bar is a really nice place in Pleasanton.
Is it very pircey? What is their address?
The address is 500 Main street. Yes the restaurant is expensive.
This is exactly what I want. Can you also find a salon?
Is this also in Pleasanton?
Yeah it is, thanks.
Cosmo's Barber shop is a good place in Pleasanton.
Can you find me a different one?
Fusion 3 Salon Pleasanton might be a good alternative in Pleasanton.
Okay great, that sounds perfect. Can you book an appointment?
What time would you like the appointment?
I want to have the appointment at 4:30 in the evening.
And on what date is this?
Book it for March 14th.
Let's confirm the details. The name of the hair stylist is Fusion 3 Salon Pleasanton. The appointment is at 4:30 pm on March 14th.
Yeah that sounds great to me. What is the rating of this Salon, and is it unisex?
I have confirmed your appointment. It is unisex and it is rated 4.8.
Thanks for your help
Is there anything else I can do?
Can you book a table at the restaurant?
What time would you like to book the table?
For one person at 7:30 in the evening.
Okay, let's confirm the details. One table at Baci Bistro And Bar. The city is Pleasanton. The reservation is at 7:30 pm on March 14th and the reservation is for 1 person.
Yeah that sounds great.
Your reservation was successful. The phone number is 925-600-0600.
I want to listen to some music now please. Play it on my display. I want to listen to Get Lucky.
Okay, confirm playing Get Lucky on the TV.
Okay great, that sounds perfect. What album is this song from?
It's from Random Access Memories.
Who sings it again?
Daft Punk is the name of the artist.
Thanks for your help
Is there anything else I can do?
No that will be all.
Thank you have a nice day.
Will you find an economical restaurant that serves liquor?
Any preference? Indian, Chinese or something else? Which city?
Persian in Berkeley.
I found 1. Alborz Restaurant is in Berkeley.
That's fine. Will you find a salon in Berkeley?
I found 10. Aya Salon & Spa is in Berkeley.
Great.
Make an appointment?
Sure for March 13th.
What time?
3:30 in the afternoon.
Please confirm an appointment on March 13th at 3:30 pm for Aya Salon & Spa.
Terrific. Address?
1880 Solano Avenue. Your appointment is successful.
Phone number? Average rating?
510-527-3100. Rated at 4.3.
Thanks. Reserve a table at the restaurant I like in Berkeley?
When?
Quarter past 12 in the afternoon.
Please confirm a reservation for 2 at Alborz Restaurant in Berkeley on March 13th at 12:15 pm.
Cool. Phone number? Live music?
510-848-8877. No live music. I could not make the reesrvation. Try Alborz Restaurant for 2 on March 13th at 12:30 pm?
That's fine.
I've completed your reservation.
Will you find some music?
Any preference?
Mchat.
Please confirm Mchat playing on TV.
Perfect.
Enjoy.
Thanks.
Anything else?
That's all.
Have an amazing day.
I'd like to find a restaurant.
In what city?
In San Jose.
Would you like Indian food, American food or something else?
I think I'd like tex-mex. And I don't care about the price range.
I have 1 restaurant, which is Chili's Grill & Bar In San Jose.
That should work. I'm also going to need a unisex salon.
Also in San Jose?
That's right, thank you.
How about Atelier Salon Willow Glen in San Jose?
Okay, thank you. I'd like to book an appointment on the 11th at 16:30.
Confirming an appointment at Atelier Salon Willow Glen at 4:30 PM on March 11th.
Thank you. What's the telephone number?
The phone number is 408-293-3494 in the appointment has been booked.
Thank you. Would you try making a restaurant reservation?
At what time?
At 7 o"clock in the evening.
Confirming a reservation on March 11th at 7 PM at Chili's Grill & Bar for 2 people in San Jose.
Sorry, make it for three people at six in the evening.
Confirming a 6 PM reservation for 3 people.
Sounds good. Do they serve alcohol and do they have live music?
No, they don't have live music but they do serve alcohol. That table has been booked.
Thanks for your help.
May I help you with anything else today?
I'd also like to hear the song Out Of Love.
Confirming playback of Out Of Love on the TV speaker.
Great. What year was that released?
The song is from 2018.
Thanks for helping me.
I'm happy to do so.
I need to get some chow.
I'll find a place. Where do you want me to look?
Look in Millbrae.
That type of food are you hankering?
I could use some Chinese.
In Millbrae, I got 7. Asian Pearl is the standout.
Is it costly?
No, its moderate.
What else you got?
In Millbrae? Try Chef Wang's Restaurant.
Can I toss down a few cold ones there? Give their address.
There's no alcohol. Its at 1320 El Camino Real.
I'm on the wagon anyway.
So get you a table?
Nada. Shelve that.
Ok. What's next?
My hair is too long.
So you need a salon in Millbrae, right?
You got it, Nostradamus.
I got 2 in Millbrae. Try Great Clips.
Ok. Great. Thanks.
Whats up next?
Get me an appointment there.
When? At what time?
15:15 on the day after tomorrow.
3:15 pm at Great Clips on MArch 3rd?
Yes. What's their number?
650-685-1888. Great Clips must be busy because I can't get a spot. Should I try 3 pm on March 3rd instead?
Give it a shot.
I shot and scored.
Great. Now about that restaurant. How about a table in the evening 5:15?
Table for 2 at Chef Wang's Restaurant in Millbrae at 5:15 pm on March 3rd?
Actually, I prefer 17:30.
2 for 5:30 pm?
You got it.
An you got a table.
They are in the moderate price range, right?
Yes. Moderate. Right.
Do they got a band? Whats their number.
No live music. 650-588-3648.
Ok. Toss on some tunes please.
What do you want to listen to?
Hows about Younger?
Younger on the TV?
Yes. What are the details for this song?
Its off Ready by Ruel.
Nice. Thank you.
Do you need anything else?
No I'm set.
Sweet. Take Care.
I need to find somewhere to eat.
Where should I search? Are you looking for Indian? Mexican?
I want some Cantonese food. I want it in SF.
I've found 10 restaurants. There's Alice's restaurant in San Francisco.
Okay, sounds good. Can you find me a salon there?
Is this in San Francisco?
Yes, that's right.
I've found 10 salons that could be good. There's 1512 Barber Shop in San Francisco.
What's their number? What's its rating?
Their number is 415-286-4371. Their rating is 4.8.
This sounds good. Book me an appointment please.
At what time?
Make it for 16:00.
What date would you like?
I want to go on the 4th of this month.
No problem, please confirm: appointment at 1512 Barber Shop on March 4th at 4 pm.
Yes, confirm. What's the address? Is it unisex?
Your appointment has been made. Their address is 1532 20th Street. This is a unisex salon.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else?
Yes, can we book a table at the restaurant.
What time for?
For one in the afternoon. It's for two people.
Okay, please confirm: table for 2 at Alice's in San Francisco at 1 pm on March 4th.
Yes, that's good.
Your reservation has been made.
Thanks a lot. I'd like to listen to some music now.
What would you like to listen to?
I want to listen to Stage Show.
Please confirm: play Stage Show on TV.
Yes, that's right.
Enjoy your music.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else?
No, that's it.
Have a great day.
I'm hungry find me somewhere to eat.
Sure, I can help with that. Would you like some Indian, Italian or is there anything else you may have a taste for? Also which city would you like to search in?
Pull up Gilroy. I really am in the mood for some Oriental.
Great idea! I found Ginger Cafe in Gilroy, I hear good things about this restaurant.
Yeah, that will do. I will also need you to pull up a unisex salon in Gilroy for me please.
I've located 3 salons, that may be of interest to you. May I recommend Garlic City Barbers in Gilroy.
Yes, we can roll with that one.
Great, can I book your appointment for you.
Yes, please go ahead and book this.
What time is best for you to schedule.
I need an appointment at 4:45 pm.
What date would you like the appointment for?
Would you like to visit a salon on the 10th of this month.
Alright, please confirm an appointment for Garlic City Barbers at 4:45 pm on March 10th.
Yes that would perfect.
Unfortunately I was unable to book your appointment at Garlic City Barbers. May I suggest March 10th at 4:30 pm?
Yes, that sounds good.
Great news, your appointment is confirmed.
Thanks, try to book me a table at the restaurant I really like. Make it for 1:30 in the afternoon.
Alright please confirm 2 people for a table at Ginger cafe in Gilroy at 1:30 pm on March 10th.
You got it. Whats their address and phone number please.
Reservation made! There address is 8657 San Ysidro Avenue and the number is 408-847-2625
Pull up some music please.
sure what song would you like?
Pull up Instant Regret please.
please confirm playing Instant Regret on TV.
no, play this on my kitchen speaker please.
please confirm playing Instant Regret on kitchen speaker please.
Yes, find out if this if from "17 please.
Great, enjoy your music. This is from 2018.
Find out what genre and who sings that track please.
This is a rock song by Instant Regrets.
Thanks.
Will there be anything else?
No.Good bye.
Have a great day.
I am in a mood to eat outside once for which I need to find some good restaurant. Can you help me to find the one?
Yes, what is your favorite kind of food and in which City do I need to search for the restaurant?
Can you search some Veggie food in San Francisco?
Yes, what about a restaurant like Ben Wah Restaurant in San Francisco?
How can I contact them? Can you get me their phone number for my reference?
Yes, please note that their phone number is 415-318-8000.
That is okay and thanks. I also want to find a Salon there, search for the suitable one.
Shall I search it in the same City that is San Francisco?
Yes, I want in the same place.
What about a salon at 1512 Barber Shop which is in San Francisco. I think this is the nice one from the 10 salon details I got.
Is that Salon is an Unisex one and also I want to know their address.
Yes, it is an Unisex salon and the address of that salon is 1532 20th Street. Is that okay to you.
Yes, I think so. Also I want to fix an appointment to that Salon on this Sunday.
At what time?
Fix it at 3 in the afternoon.
Please confirm to fix an appointment to that Salon at 1512 Barber shop on March 3rd for the time 3 pm.
Yes, correct, go ahead.
I have successfully confirmed your appointment there.
Let me know the rating of that salon. I am asking this for my reference.
Its average rating is 4.8, any more details you need?
Yes, I want to know their contact number.
It is 415-286-4371, anything else?
Now, I want to proceed with the booking of table at the selected restaurant. Can you do it for me now?
Yes what about your convenient time to book the restaurant?
Book the table at evening 5:15.
I need your confirmation to book a table for 2 at Ben Wah Restaurant in San Francisco on March 3rd at 5:15 pm.
Yes, that is correct to proceed and also check whether the price range is above average?
The price range is moderate and unfortunately I could not book the table at the Ben Wah Restaurant for the time 5:15 pm. Shall I book it for another time at 5:30 pm on the same day March 3rd for 2 persons?
Okay, that is also a comfortable time for me. Go ahead.
Good, now the table was booked successfully as per the new time.
I need to know whether they will supply alcohol there and also let me know their address for contact.
Sorry, alcohol is not available there. Their address is 2786 California Street.
That's Okay, thanks. Do me one more favor. Search for some nice songs like Tennessee Whiskey.
Listening to songs is a good idea. Please confirm to play the song Tennessee Whiskey on TV.
Sorry changed my choice. Please play the song Miss Me more which I like very much.
That is Okay. Now please confirm to play the song Miss me More on TV.
That is correct. Go ahead.
Song started playing and enjoy your music.
Let me know whether it is from '12?
No, it is from 2017.
That is nice. Thanks.
How can I help you further?
Nothing for now. That's all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
Please help me find a place to eat.
What kind of food do you prefer? Do you like Italian, Chinese or what? And in which city?
I prefer Nepalese in San Fran.
How about Cuisine Of Nepal Restaurant in San Francisco?
That's good. Please find me a salon too in San Fran.
I got 10 salons and one is 1512 Barber Shop in San Francisco.
What is their average rating?
It's 4.8.
That's good, please book me an appointment there.
What date at what time do you plan to go there?
I want to go on the 7th at four in the evening,
Okay, you want to book an appointment at 1512 Barber Shop on March 7th at 4 pm. Please confirm.
That's good.
Apologies, I was unable to book the appointment in 1512 Barber Shop. How about appointment on March 7th at 3:30 pm?
That's fine.
It is now confirmed!
What is their phone number and is it a unisex salon?
Yes, it is and their phone number is 415-286-4371.
Thanks. Please try booking a table at the restaurant I liked for four people.
What time do you plan to go there?
At 6 pm.
Okay, you want a table for 4 people at Cuisine Of Nepal Restaurant in San Francisco on March 7th at 6 pm. Please confirm.
Yes, do they serve liquor and what is their phone number?
No, they don't serve liquor and their phone number is 415-647-2222. Your reservation is now confirmed!
Thank you, Please find me a music now.
What song do you prefer?
I want Jesus and Jack Daniels.
Okay, you want to play the song Jesus and Jack Daniels on TV. Please confirm.
Yes.
Enjoy.
Thanks.
Anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks.
You are welcome.
What restaurants are there?
What kind of food do you like? You can say Mexican, Sushi, Chinese, Indian, diner, or another kind of food. Which city should I look in?
Burger food sounds good. Check San Francisco.
I found 10 restaurants for you in San Francisco 1760 is great restaurant.
What's their number?
415-359-1212.
What other places did you find?
25 Lusk is in San Francisco. It's highly rated.
What else is available?
3rd Cousin is also in San Francisco and they serve burgers.
Yes, that's great.
Do you want to make a reservation?
Not now. Maybe later.
May I assist you further?
I need a haircut. I want to find a unisex salon in San Francisco.
San Francisco has a unisex salon called 1512 Barber Shop.
Sounds good to me.
Shall I make an appointment for you?
Yes, please do it.
What day do you want to visit the salon?
Make the appointment for the 14th of this month at 6:45 in the evening.
Please confirm the appointment details: Booking a hair appointment with 1512 Barber Shop on March 14th at 6:45 pm.
No. Make it for the 11th of this month at 4:30 pm.
Please confirm the following details: Changing the appointment date to March 11th at 4:30 pm.
Yes, that works.
Congrats! Your appointment was confirmed.
What's the number? And how is the barber shop rated?
Their number is 415-286-4371 and they have a 4.8 rating.
Thank you. Could you also book that burger restaurant I liked earlier?
For what time?
Do it for 7:45 pm. Becky likes to dine with me in the evenings.
Please confirm the following reservation details: Booking a table for 2 at 3rd Cousin in San Francisco. The reservation is for 7:45 pm on March 11th.
Yes, that's perfect.
Sorry the reservation did not go through at 3rd Cousin. Should I try again for 2 people on March 11th? This time I will book it for 7:30 pm.
Yes, that's okay, Becky should be fine with that time.
Congrats! Your reservations was booked successfully.
I want to hear a song!
Which song do you want to hear?
A great song. Side Effects.
Please confirm the following: play Side Effects on the TV.
Yes, please do. What year did this song come out? And what album is it from?
It came out in 2018 and is from the album Sick Boy.
Thank you! I'm good.
Have a wonderful evening!
Hello, I'm feeling hungry. Please can you suggest me some good restaurant?
Sure, what do you prefer to eat?
I prefer to have Sushi kind of food.
Where you wish to dine?
I wish to dine in Dublin.
Okay! The restaurant, Halu Shabu Shabu located in Dublin is a nice restaurant. Do you wish to go here?
Will they serve alcohol? where it is located?
Sorry, they don't serve liquor. They are located at 4288 Dublin Boulevard #110. Do you prefer this one?
Please may I know if you have any other restaurant?
Please give me a moment...Yup, there is another pleasant restaurant, Yanagi Sushi & Grill Dublin located in Dublin. Do you wish to dine here?
Yup, sure. Please can you help me to find some good salon there?
Sure, so do you wish to search in Dublin?
Yup, I'm looking for good salon in Dublin only.
Okay! There is a nice salon named Anu'S Beautique located in Dublin. Do you wish to go here?
Sounds good. Please can you schedule an appointment here?
When and at what time do you wish to book the appointment?
I wish to book the appointment on 2nd of this month at evening 5:30. Please can you help me on this.
Sure, Please can you confirm me that you wish to schedule an appointment with the hair stylist Anu'S Beautique on March 2nd at 5:30 pm, right?
Nope, I wish to book the appointment on 5th of this month at 16:00.
Please can you confirm me that you wish to book an appointment on March 5th at 4 pm, right?
Yup, sounds good to me.
Okay! your appointment is scheduled.
Please can I have their address?
Sure, they are located at 6046 Dougherty Road.
Do you have their contact number?
Yup, you can reach them at 925-560-8569.
Thanks much. Please can you help me to book the table at the restaurant I chosen earlier?
Sure, at what time?
Please can you make it at 19:00.
Please can you confirm me that you wish to book a table at Yanagi Sushi & Grill Dublin at 7 pm on March 5th in the city of Dublin for 2 people, right?
Yup, that would work for me. Will they provide alchol and what's their address?
Nope, they do not serve alcohol and they are located in 6599 Dublin Boulevard and your reservation is successful.
Thanks. I wish to hear to some good songs now. Please can you play some songs.
What kind of song do you wish to be played?
I wish to hear some Power songs.
Okay! Please confirm me that you wish to hear to the song Power on your TV, right?
Yup, you're correct. So, what's the genre of the music?
It's a Pop song. Have a nice time with your music.
Thanks much.
Is there anything you need information about?
Nope, thanks a lot.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you find me somewhere to eat in Santa Clara?
Sure, what food do you fancy?
Can you see if there's anything Mediterranean? Something moderate priced would be good.
I've found Athena Grill & Catering in Santa Clara, it looks nice - what do you think?
Yeah that sounds good to me
Great, do you want me to book a table for you?
Not right now, thanks.
Okay. Anything else I can do for you?
Can you find a unisex salon in Santa Clara?
Sure, what about the About Time Barber Shop in Santa Clara?
Maybe. Can you get me the address and number?
Sure, the number is 408-727-2200 and they're at 2485 De La Cruz Boulevard.
Thank you
Do you want me to book you an appointment?
Yes please
What date and time is good for you?
Can you book it for 5:30 pm on March 6th?
Sure. Just confirm that you want me to book an appointment at About Time Barber Shop for 5:30 pm on March 6th?
Yes please. What rating do they have?
All booked for you! They have an average rating of 4.8.
Cool. Can you book a table at that restaurant?
Sure, what time do you want it for?
Around 7:30 in the evening please
Okay, so do you want me to book a table for 2 at the Athena Grill & Catering in Santa Clara? I'll book it for 7:30 pm on March 6th.
Yes please. Could you get me their address too, and tell me if they have live music?
Table all booked for you! Unfortunately no live music, but I can get the address for you. They're at 1505 Space Park Drive.
Thank you. Can you put some music on for me?
Sure, what do you want?
Can you put on Nandemonaiya?
Do you want me to play Nandemonaiya on the TV?
Yes please
I've put it on for you
Thanks. Who sings this and what album is it on?
It's by Radwimps and is on the Your Name album.
Cool. Thanks, I don't need anything else.
No problem, enjoy the music!
Please find me some place to eat.
Any particular city I should search in? What cuisine did you have in mind?
Please find me a Ramen restaurant in San Fran.
There's a good restaurant in San Francisco known as 2g Japanese Brasserie.
That sounds perfect!
Should I go ahead and reserve a table here?
Not right away. Could you please search for a salon there?
Please confirm that you'd like to find a salon in San Francisco.
That is correct.
1512 Barber Shop is one of the 10 good salons I found in San Francisco.
Please find out if it's unisex and get me the phone number.
It's a unisex salon, and can be reached by phone on 415-286-4371.
That works for me. Please schedule an appointment at that salon.
Please let me know the preferred date and time for the appointment.
Please make a four pm appointment on the 6th of this month.
Sure, no problem. Please confirm that you'd like to schedule a March 6th, 4 pm appointment with the hairstylist 1512 Barber Shop.
That is correct. Where is it located, and what's its average rating?
I have successfully made appointment. It's located at 1532 20th Street, and its average rating is 4.8.
Okay thanks. Now let's go back to booking a table at the restaurant that I liked.
For what time should I make the reservation?
Please book it at afternoon 1:30.
Let me see if I got everything correctly: You'd like to reserve a table for at 2 at 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco, for 1:30 pm on March 6th.
That is correct.
I have successfully made your reservation.
What's their phone number?
You can contact them by phone on 415-292-9997.
How expensive is it? Do they have a live band?
They don't play like music, and their price range is moderate.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful. I'm in the mood for some music now. My two friends have been raving about Are You Ready, and I'd like to hear it. Please play it on any device.
Sure. Please confirm that you'd like to listen to Are You Ready on TV
Yes, you got that right. When was it released?
Do enjoy listening to your music. It was released in 2018.
Who sang the song and what genre is it?
It's Rock song by Disturbed.
Thanks a lot.
Will you be needing my help with anything else?
No. Thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
Thank you, and do have yourself a wonderful day!
Hi, could help me search for places to eat please?
Sure! Any preference on the restaurant location?
Yes, something in the SF area will do.
Any preference on the type of food?
Some Parisian food will be great for me, have been craving that all day.
There are 10 restaurants available, one of which is Amelie San Francisco which is located in San Francisco.
May I have their contact number, and do they play live music?
Sorry, they do not play music, but you can contact them at 415-292-6916.
What a pity, but I am fine with that.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Perhaps at a later time.
Could I further assist you with something else?
Could you help me find a salon in the SF area please?
Sure, how about 1512 Barber Shop located in San Francisco?
Sure, I am fine with that.
Would you like me to schedule an appointment?
Yes please, could you schedule an appointment in the afternoon 3:45 on March 9th?
Sure, please confirm your appointment with 1512 Barber Shop at 3:45 pm on March 9th.
I am fine with that ,thanks!
Sorry, I did not manage to make your appointment. Would you like an appointment with 1512 Barber Shop at 4 pm on March 9th instead?
Yes, I am fine with that too.
Your appointment has been made!
What is the average rating of this restaurant?
This restaurant has achieved a rating of 4.8.
I see, where are they located at?
You can find them at 1532 20th Street.
Sure, could you make a reservation at the restaurant we talked about just now, for a group of 4 people?
Sure, when will you be dining in?
I will be visiting them at 5:30 in the evening.
Please confirm your reservation for 4 at Amelie San Francisco in San Francisco at 5:30 pm on March 9th.
Sure, do you know if they serve liquor and where are they currently located?
Your reservation has been made. They are located at 1754 Polk Street and they do serve alcohol.
Thank you. Could you play some music sung by Prince Royce on my display please?
Sure, any specific song of your interest?
Yes, I want to listen to Back It Up.
Please confirm your request to play Back It Up on the TV.
Sure, please do so.
Enjoy listening to your music!
Thank you very much.
Could I further assist you?
No, that is all, thank you so much.
No problem, have a great day ahead!
I'm looking for a restaurant.
In which city?
I want Chinese in Palo Alto.
Chef Zhao Kitchen is a restaurant located in Palo Alto.
Great. Is there a salon near there?
You want a salon in Palo Alto?
That sounds great.
There are 10 options. 18/8 Fine Men's Salons - Palo Alto is in Palo Alto.
Is it a unisex salon and what's their phone number?
The salon is unisex. Their phone number is 650-460-8290.
I need to book a salon appointment.
For what time and date is your appointment for?
The appointment is for three in the afternoon on the 10th of March.
Please confirm you want an appointment for March 10th at 18/8 Fine Men's Salons - Palo Alto at 3 pm.
Yes That is correct.
Your appointment was a success.
Thanks I need a table for four at the restaurant I liked.
For what time?
Quarter past 12 in the afternoon would be great.
Please confirm you want to book a table for 4 at Chef Zhao Kitchen in Palo Alto on March 10th at 12:15 pm.
Yes. That's right.
I was not able to make the reservation. Would a table for 4 at 12 pm at Chef Zhao Kitchen on March 10th work?
Yes. That does work.
Your booking was a success.
I want to listen to some music.
What song would you like to hear?
I want to hear Tennis Court.
Please confirm you want to listen to Tennis Court on TV.
Yes. that's right.
Please enjoy your song.
Thanks that's it.
Please enjoy your day.
I want enjoy a different cuisine. How will you help me?
Are you looking for it from a particular city? Which cuisine will make you satisfied ?
Pizza and Pasta will be the right food and particulary in Los Gatos.
Then you can visit Aldo's Ristorante & Bar in Los Gatos.
Sounds good. I also need service of a salon there?
In Los Gatos?
Yes, there.
There are 6 salons in Los Gatos out of which Great Clips will be the best
Good, make an appointment there.
Which date do you need appointment on?
Get me it on 10th of March.
What is the time of visit?
Its half past 4 in the evening.
Ok, please go through your request, you need service of Great Clips at 4:30 pm on March 10th.
Yes, thats what you should ensure.
Reservation is successful.
Give me their contact number.
Call them at 650-493-2100
Please give the address too?
Their address is 3902 Middlefield Road.
Great service. Now please book a seat at 1 pm in the restaurant I preferred.
Confirm the details please, For 2 people you need a table at 1 pm on March 10th at Aldo's Ristorante & Bar in Los Gatos.
Very good. Give me their address.
You got a successful booking. The address of the hotel is 14109 South Winchester Boulevard.
Could you please play some music for me now.
Choose the song you like.
Please play Tomboy.
Please verify, you need Tomboy played on TV.
Good, great help
Music started, enjoy it.
Fantastic, thank you.
My pleaser, any more help you need?
No, thats all.
Have a memorable day.
I'm looking for a restaurant
In which city? Do you prefer Italian, American or other food?
I'd like some Deli food. I'm looking for it in Pleasant Hill
There's 1 restaurant. Mcdonald's in Pleasant Hill
Yes, I like it. I need a salon there
A salon in Pleasant Hill?
Yes, in that city
There are 4 salons in Pleasant Hill. For example there's Cool Tops
I want a unisex salon
In Pleasant Hill there's Great Clips
Yes, It works for me!
Do you want to book here?
Yes, please. I want an appointment
At what time?
I'd like an appointment at 16:30
What day do you want the appointment?
On the 11th, please
An appointment at Great Clips on March 11th at 4:30 pm. Do you confirm?
Yes, I confirm. Can I get its contact number? What's its rating?
Contact number is 650-552-9316. Its rating is 3.9. Your appointment is booked!
Now I want to book a table for 1 people at the restaurant.
What time do you want the table?
I want to book at six pm
A table for 1 people at Mcdonald's in Pleasant Hill, on March 11th at 6 pm. Is it correct?
Yes, it is. Is there live music that day?
Yes, there is live music. Your table is booked!
Is it an expensive or cheap restaurant? At what address is it located?
Is an inexpensive restaurant. It's located in 1690 Contra Costa Boulevard
Ok, It's perfect!
Do you need anything else?
Yes, I would like to listen to music
Which song do you prefer?
I prefer the song Firestone
Play the song Firestone on TV. Do you confirm?
Yes, I confirm, thanks
Happy listening to your song!
Thank you for helping!
Have a nice day!
I need help finding a place to eat.
Is there a food you prefer?
European food would hit the spot.
Where would you like me to search?
Search for places in SF.
There are 6 restaurants that match. Ayola in San Francisco is nice.
Is there live music there?
There's no live music there.
What else do you recommend?
Bar Tartine in San Francisco is nice.
Okay, that sounds good.
Would you like to book a table?
We can do that later.
What else would you like help with?
What are some salons that are there?
Do you mean in San Francisco?
Yes, that's what I meant.
1512 Barber Shop in San Francisco is nice.
What's the address for it?
It is located at 1532 20th Street.
What's another salon I can go to?
20Th Salon And Barber in San Francisco is nice.
What's their telephone number?
Their telephone number is 415-824-1335.
What else is there?
A Businessman'S Haircut in San Francisco is nice.
I think I'll go there. Can you make an appointment for next Friday.
What time do you want the appointment for?
I'd like it to be at 3:45 in the afternoon.
I'll make you an appointment at A Businessman'S Haircut for March 8th at 3:45 pm. Is that good with you?
Yeah, that's what I want. What's their phone number?
You can call them at 415-788-4936. I'm sorry but they appointment didn't go through. Would you like to try an appointment at A Businessman'S Haircut for March 8th at 3:30 pm instead?
Yeah, that's not a problem.
I've booked your appointment.
Thanks a lot. Now can I book a table at the restaurant you mentioned before?
What time would you like the table?
I want it at 12 o"clock in the afternoon.
I'll book you a table fore 2 at Bar Tartine in San Francisco for March 8th at 12 pm, is that correct?
Yeah, that's good. Is there live music, and what's their telephone number?
I've booked they table. There's no live music there. You can call them at 415-487-1601.
Okay, thanks so much. I can go for some music right now.
Is there a particular so you'd like to listen to?
I want to hear All I Am.
I'll play All I Am on the TV if that's fine with you.
Yeah, that's cool What's the genre of the song and who's the artist?
It's a Pop song by Jess Glynne, enjoy the song.
Thanks! That's all I need right now.
Okay, take care and enjoy the music.
I want to eat some parisian food at a very expensive restaurant in los gatos.
manresa is a lovely restaurant in los gatos.
Yes, that would be fine.
Would you like to reserve a table there?
Not right now.
Is there anything I can assist you with?
I need to find a salon there.
In los gatos?
Yes, that's right.
There are 6 restaurants available. Great clips is a wonderful salon in los gatos.
I want to schedule a visit at 15:30 on the 9th of March.
You would like an appointment at great clips for 3:30 pm on March 9th?
Yes, that's right. What is the average rating of the salong?
I have made the appointment. It has a rating of 3.7.
I want to book a table for three for quarter past 6 in the evening.
You would like to book a table for 3 at manresa in los gatos for 6:15 pm on March 9th?
Yes, that would be great.
I am sorry, but the reservation was unsuccessful. Would you like a reservation for 3 at manresa at 6:30 pm on March 9th?
Yes, that would be fine.
I have made the reservation.
What is the address and is alcohol served there?
It is at 320 village lane and alcohol is not served.
I am in the mood to listen to music now. I want to hear songs by Harris J on the speaker in the kitchen.
What song would you like to listen to?
I want to hear salam alaikum on display.
You would like to hear salam alaikum on tv?
Yes, that's right.
Enjoy the music.
Thanks. That would be all.
enjoy your day.
Can you find me somewhere to eat?
Absolutely. What food do you fancy - Italian, Mexican? And where would you like to eat?
Can you see if there's somewhere in SFO that serves fish?
Sure. I've found 10 in San Francisco - what about Akiko's Sushi Bar?
Is there anything else? I'm saving money so something economical.
Okay, what about Alamo Square Seafood Grill in San Francisco? That looks nice.
Where is it?
It's at 803 Fillmore Street.
Cool, thanks. While I'm in SFO can you see if there's any salons?
Sure, there's 10 in San Francisco - what about 1512 Barber Shop?
Yeah that sounds good. Can you book me an appointment for the 7th of this month at 3 in the afternoon?
No problem. Can you confirm that you want me to book an appointment for 3 pm on march 7th at 1512 Barber Shop?
Yes please!
Great, it's all been booked for you.
Thank you! What rating does it have? And is it unisex?
It is unisex and has an average rating of 4.8
Thanks. Can you book a table for that restaurant?
Sure. What time would you like it for?
Quarter past 12 in the afternoon please
Thanks. Please just confirm that you want me to book at table for 2 at the Alamo Square Seafood Grill in San Francisco? I'll book the table for 12:15 pm on March 7th.
Sorry, can you make the table for three people?
No problem. So do you want me to book the table for 3 on March 7th?
Yes please
Sorry, I couldn't book it the table at Alamo Square Seafood Grill. Do you want me to try booking a table for 3 at 12 pm on March 7th?
Yes please, thank you
Table has been booked for you!
Thanks, what's their number?
IT's 415-440-2828
Cool, thank you. Can you put some music on for me?
Sure, what do you want to listen to?
Can you put on The Way I Talk?
Sure. Do you want me to play The Way I Talk on the TV?
Yes please! When was this released, nine years ago?
No, this was from 2016
Ah ok. Thank you! I don't need anything else?
No problem, enjoy the music!
Can you find a good eatery for me?
Sure. Do you want it to be Italian, Mexican, or something else?
I'd like to see what Japanese food San Fran has to offer.
I found 10 Japanese eateries in San Francisco, including 2G Japanese Brasserie.
That sounds good to me.
Want to get a table there?
Not right now.
Can I help some more?
I also want to tidy myself up at a unisex salon in San Fran.
There's 10 salons in San Francisco, including 1512 Barber Shop. How's that one sound?
Sounds good to me.
Can I help you with something else?
Yes. I want to arrange a visit to that salon.
At what time and date?
I want to visit at four pm on the 12th.
You want to visit 1512 Barber Shop at 4 pm on March 12th?
Actually, make it afternoon 3 on the 3rd of March.
You instead want to visit at 3 pm on March 3rd?
Yes, I do.
I booked your appointment there.
Thanks. I'm also ready to book the table at the Japanese eatery we talked about.
At what time?
Book a table for one at five pm.
You want a table for 1 at 2G Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco at 5 pm on March 3rd?
Yes. Does live music play there? What's the price range?
I booked your table. Live music does not play there. Their prices are moderate.
I want to hear some music through the TV now.
What song, exactly?
Goodbye Angels, please.
You want to hear Goodbye Angels on your TV?
Yes. What's the singer or band this song is from?
Enjoy. It's by the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Thanks! That's all I need.
Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a restaurant
In which city? What would you like to eat?
In Oakland. I'd like some Asian kind of food
In Oakland I found Battambang Restaurant
Ok, It's fine!
Do you want to book a table now?
No, thanks, not now. I need a unisex salon in Oakland
In Oakland I found 17 Jewels Salon
Any other suggestions?
In Oakland there's Benny Adem Grooming Parlor
This could be fine
Do you want to book here?
Yes, please. Book an appointment
At what time?
I want to book at evening 5
What day do you want to go to the salon?
I want to go on this Sunday
An appointment at Benny Adem Grooming Parlor on March 3rd at 5 pm. Is it correct?
Yes, It's correct. Can I get the address?
The address is 408 14th Street. Your appointment is booked!
Perfect! Now I want to book at the restaurant.
At what time do you prefer?
I want to book at half past 6 in the evening
A table for 2 people at Battambang Restaurant in Oakland, on March 3rd at 6:30 pm. Do you confirm?
Yes, I confirm. Thanks
Your table is confirmed!
Can I get their contact number? Is it a costly or cheap restaurant?
Their contact number is 510-839-8815. Is a price range moderate restaurant
Ok, It's perfect. I want to listen some music now
What song would you like to listen?
I'd like No One
Play the song No One on TV. Is it correct?
Yes, It's correct. Thanks
Good listening to your song!
Thanks a lot for helping
Have a great day
I'm looking for a restaurant that has live music.
What city would you like to look in?
Look for a place in Los Gatos.
Is there a particular food you like?
Actually, I want Fast food somewhere in the Fremont area.
Mcdonald's in Fremont is nice.
Okay, I can go there. I also want to find a salon in Fremont.
3Sixty Salon and Boutique in Fremont is nice.
I like the sound of that. Book me an appointment there for the 13th of March.
What time would you to go there for the appointment?
I want to go there at six pm.
I'll book you an appointment at 3Sixty Salon And Boutique on March 13th at 6 pm, is that what you want?
No, make it for two pm.
So 2 pm on March 13th is good?
Yeah, that's good for me.
I've booked you the appointment.
Now can you book me a table at the restaurant you mentioned before.
What time would you like the table reservation for?
I want it for morning 10:45.
I'll book you a table for 2 at Mcdonald's in Fremont for March 13th at 10:45 am.
Okay, nice. What are the prices like?
The prices are inexpensive. I'm sorry but the reservation did not go through. Do you want me to make a reservation at McDonald's for 2 people on March 13th at 11 am instead?
Yeah, that's fine.
I've booked the reservation.
Where are they located? And do they have liquor?
They're located on 42800 Mission Boulevard. They don't have alcohol.
Thanks a lot. I want to listen to some songs now.
Is there a particular song you like?
It's a song called Yeah Boy, I want to listen to it.
I'll play Yeah Boy on the TV, is that okay?
Yeah, that's cool Who's the artist?
The song's artist is Kelsea Ballerini. Enjoy the song.
Thanks a lot!
Do you need me for anything else?
No, thanks again.
Enjoy the song and take care.
Can you find me a place to eat in Campbell?
What type of food are you looking for? American, Chinese, or anything else?
Some snacks would be great.
Stacks is a snack restaurant located in Campbell.
That sounds wonderful.
Do you want me to reserve a table for you?
Perhaps later, not right now.
Do you need help with anything else?
Can you find me a unisex salon near there?
Do you want to search in Campbell?
Yes, please. That'd be great.
Bella Capelli Salon is in Campbell.
Could you search for a different one?
How about Craft Salon & Barbershop, which is also in Campbell?
Please find another.
Rage Salon is another option in Campbell.
What's their average rating and address?
They're rated at 4.7, and are located at 565 East Campbell Avenue.
Can you book me an appointment there at 15:30 on the 12th?
Please confirm: a 3:30 pm appointment at Rage Salon on March 12th.
Yes, that's correct. Can you give me their phone number please?
The appointment is reserved. They can be reached at 408-866-4247.
Thank you so much. Can you book me a table at the restaurant now? For three people?
What time do you want to reserve?
Can you book me a table at evening 7?
Please confirm: book a table for 3 at Stacks in Campbell on March 12th at 7 pm.
Yes, that sounds great. Do they offer live music? What's the price range?
Your reservation is confirmed. They do not offer live music, and their price range is moderate.
Thanks so much. Can you find me songs to listen to?
What song would you like to hear?
Can you play Never Be Alone?
Please confirm: Play Never Be Alone on TV.
Yes, that's it. What album is it on and what year was it released.
Enjoy the music! It was released in 2015 on the album Handwritten.
Thanks! That'll be it.
Have a wonderful day.
Find me an affordable place to eat which serves alcohol
What kind of food?
Malaysian will be good
Which city to look in?
search in Palo Alto
There is the Lotus Thai Bistro in Palo Alto
That is good
Should i book a table here?
no, not now. Find me a salon there
in Palo Alto?
yes, thats right
18/8 Fine Men'S salons - Palo Alto is in Palo alto
ok, book an appointment here for march 14th 6 pm
Please confirm: Booking an 18/8 Fine Men'S salons - Palo Alto on march 14th 6 pm
Yes correct, whats their number
Sorry there was an error. Any thing else?
Please try again for Half past 3 in the afternoon on tuesday next week
Please confirm: Booking an 18/8 Fine Men'S salons - Palo Alto on march 5th 3:30 pm
ok correct. Is it Unisex?
Your booking is done, Its unisex
Please book a table at the earlier restaurant
at what time?
make it for 6:30 pm
Please confirm: Booking a table for 2 Lotus Thai Bistro in Palo Alto at 6:30 pm on march 5th
yes, thats right
Sorry there was an error. Any thing else?
Please try again at afternoon 12:30
Please confirm: Booking a table for 2 Lotus Thai Bistro in Palo Alto at 12:30 pm on march 5th
yes thats right. Do they have live music and whats their address?
Your booking is done. They do not have live music and their address is 425 California Avenue
play me some music now
what song should i play?
Play Pumped up kicks
Please confirm: playing Pumped up kicks on TV
yes thats right
enjoy
thanks, thats it
have a good day!
I need to find a restaurant.
In which city?
In Walnut Creek.
Are you looking for Chinese, Indian or something else?
Some Sichuan would be great.
China Palace Restaurant is in Walnut Creek.
What's their location?
They're located at 2932 North Main Street.
Okay. That's perfect.
Would you like a table reservation?
Not at the moment but can you help me find a salon in Walnut Creek?
Blow Dry Bar is a salon in Walnut Creek.
What's their rating and where are they located?
Their address is 1639 North California Boulevard and thier rating if 4.4.
Yes. I would like to book an appointment at a salon.
For what time and on what date?
For March 8th in the afternoon 3:30.
Please confirm you want me to make an appointment on March 8th at Blow Dry Bar at 3:30 pm.
Yes. That's good.
Your appointment was successfully booked.
Can you book the table for 12:30 in the afternoon for 2?
Please confirm you want me to book a table on march 8th for 2 at China Palace Restaurant in Walnut Creek at 12:30 pm.
Yes. That is correct.
Your booking was a success.
I would like to listen to Little Mix songs or No More Sad Songs on my tv.
Please confirm you want to listen to No More Sad Songs no the TV.
Yes. That's right.
Please enjoy your music.
Thanks so much.
Is there anything else today?
No. That's all.
Please enjoy your day.
Hi, could you help me search for a place to eat which is not very costly?
Are there any preferences you might have?
Some Lithuanian cuisine will be great.
Any preference on the restaurant location?
Something in Alameda will be fine.
Sure, would you like to visit Mama Papa Lithuania Restaurant in Alameda?
That is fine with me.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Perhaps later, could you instead help to find a unisex salon in that area?
Sure, are you referring to the Alameda area?
Yes I am.
How about the Al's Barber Shop located in Alameda.
Yes, that is great!
Would you like me to make an appointment for you?
Could you schedule one for me? Thank you!
When and what time will you be visiting the salon?
I intend to visit them at 4 o"clock in the evening on March 9th.
Please confirm your appointment with Al'S Barber Shop at 4 pm on March 9th.
Sure, that is fine with me.
Your appointment has been made.
May I have their address and contact number please?
You can contact them at 510-473-7869 and they are located in 1502 1/2 Webster St.
Sure, could you now make a reservation for 2 at the restaurant we mentioned previously?
When will you be dining in?
Most likely at half past 1 in the afternoon.
I see, please confirm your reservation for 2 at Mama Papa Lithuania Restaurant in Alameda at 1:30 pm on March 9th.
Sure, that is fine with me.
Your reservation has been made.
Thank you! Could you play some music by Luke Bryan on my kitchen speaker please?
Sure, any preference on the song you would like to play?
Can I listen to What Makes You Country?
Sure, please confirm your request to play What Makes You Country on the Kitchen Speaker.
Yes, that is right.
Enjoy your music!
Thank you, that is all the help I need.
Sure, have a great day ahead!
Find me a restaurant to eat at.
Do you like Chinese, Italian or something else and what city do you want to eat in?
I want to eat some Spicy Indian food in Pleasanton.
Search revealed 7 results. Aappakadai in Pleasanton serves Spicy Indian food.
Are they intermediate priced and do they have live bands?
They have moderate prices and they do not have live bands.
That is great. I need to find a salon there too.
Shall I search in Pleasanton?
Yes, do that.
Search revealed 9 results. Do you like Cosmo'S Barber Shop in Pleasanton?
Where are they located at ?
They are located at 4275 First Street.
What else can you find?
Fusion 3 Salon Pleasanton is located in Pleasanton.
Where are they located at and what is their rating?
You can find them at 722 Main Street and they have a 4.8 rating.
That works for me. Get me a booking for the 7th of March.
What time do you want to go?
Get me a booking for four in the evening on the 3rd of March.
You want a booking at 4 pm on March 3rd at Fusion 3 Salon Pleasanton, correct?
That is right.
Your booking is confirmed.
Thanks a lot. Can you book a table at that restaurant from earlier?
What time do you want to eat?
I wish to eat at 17:30.
You want a table for 2 at Aappakadai in Pleasanton on March 3rd at 5:30 pm. Is that right?
That is right. Can you tell me their phone number and their location?
Your booking is complete. They are located at 4555 Hopyard Road and you can contact them at 925-750-7709.
Play me some music.
Do you have a particular song in mind?
Play the song Wash It All Away.
You wish to play the song Wash It All Away on the TV, correct?
No, play the song Grow As We Go.
You wish to cast the song Grow As We Go to the TV, right?
That is right. Was it released two years ago?
Your song is starting and it was released in 2019.
What genre of music is it?
It is under the Pop category.
Thanks a bunch. That is everything for now.
Have a great day.
How about a suggestion for dinner?
What city are you interested in? What about Chinese or Indian food?
Give me some Taiwanese in Concord.
What about Hunan restaurant? It's in Concord?
Great. How about an idea for a salon there as well?
You want a salon in Concord right?
Righto old boy.
I have 6 options. Breds Barbershop is at the top of the list in Concord.
How many stars do they have?
Their rating is 3.7 stars.
Fine lets go with that.
Do you want to set up a certain timed appointment?
Indeed, how about doing that at 15:00?
Do you have a certain date preference?
I need to go today.
Sure Here's what I have 3 pm, March 1st for The salon Breds Barbershop.
That's great. Is it unisex? What's their contact number?
It is uniesex and you have an appointment set. Phone them at 925-446-4144.
Fine, thanks a lot. Get a reservation at the restaurant now. I just need it for one person at 6:30 pm.
Please confirm this: 1 on March 1st at 6:30 pm for Hunan Restaurant in Concord.
No, scratch that, make it for 2 at 18:15.
Ok, changing it to 2 for 6:15 pm.
Yes, indeed. What's their contact number?
Phone them at 925-827-4800. The time you want isn't available. What about trying for Hunan Restaurant 6 pm instead on March 1st for 2?
Just do it.
That works. You are reserved.
Great, let's have some tunes.
What song do you want?
Give me Pyramid.
Please confirm, Playing song Pyramid on TV.
Correct, what kind of music.
It's a pop song, enjoy.
Fine, you're the cat's meow.
What else do you need?
Nothing, you've worked very hard today, thanks.
Have a good day, you're very busy.
I want to eat someplace in San Francisco.
What type of food? You can say Indian, Italian, Vegetarian, or something else.
Small plates would be perfect.
Aatxe has small plates and is in San Francisco.
What's the address and is their live music?
Their address is 2174 Market Street and they don't have live music.
What else is available? Check Redwood City.
La Viga Seafood & Cocina Mexicana is in Redwood City.
Yes, that will work.
Do you want to book a table?
Not now. Can you find a salon in Redwood City?
August Barbershop is in Redwood City.
Yes, I've heard of them.
Shall I make an appointment.
Please do, book it for half past 2 in the afternoon.
What date do you want it for?
The 4th of March and book it for two pm.
Please confirm the following: Booking an appointment with August Barbershop for March 4th at 2 pm.
No, do it for the 1st of March.
Please confirm the following: Booking an appointment with August Barbershop for March 1st.
Yes, that's correct.
Your appointment went through successfully!
Could you try booking a table at that La Viga place?
What time is it for?
Make it for two an book it for morning 11:15.
Please confirm the following: Booking a table for 2 at La Viga Seafood & Cocina Mexicana in Redwood City for March 1st at 11:15 am.
Yes, that will work.
Sorry that did not work. Shall I try again at La Viga Seafood & Cocina Mexicana? I can try for 2 people, March 1st at 11 am.
Yes that will work.
Your reservation is now confirmed!
I want to hear a song.
Which song?
Play that Generation Why song.
Please confirm: Play Generation Why on the TV.
Yes, please do.
Enjoy the music!
Thanks, it's a good song.
Can I help you further?
No, thanks, goodbye!
Have a great day!
I need to find a place to eat.
Can you tell me which city should I look for the restaurant, and what kind of food you would prefer? It can be American, Indian or something else.
I would enjoy some Punjabi kind of food. I want the restaurant to be located in San Jose.
There are 8 restaurants which match what you want. 8elements is a good restaurant which can be found in San Jose.
Can you tell me if they serve liquor? Can you also give me their address?
The address of the restaurant is 1781 Capitol Expressway. The restaurant does serve alcohol.
That seems nice. Can you also find me a salon there?
Are you interested in finding a salon in San Jose?
Yes that is what I want.
There are 10 salons which you might like. One of the nice salons in San Jose is called Atelier Salon Willow Glen.
That seems great.
Do you want to book an appointment for this salon?
Yes, I want to make a reservation for this salon, and I want it to be for 16:30 on March 1st.
Can you please confirm that you want to book an appointment for Atelier Salon Willow Glen for March 1st at 4:30 pm?
That seems nice. Can you tell me their average rating, and if they are unisex?
Your requested appointment has been made. The salon is considered unisex, and it has a rating of 4.3.
Now I want to book a table at the restaurant I liked before. I want the booking to be for seven in the evening.
Can you please confirm that you want to book a table for 2 people at 8elements in San Jose on March 1st at 7 pm?
That suits me well.
Your requested booking has been made.
I appreciate it very much.
Is there something else I can help you with?
I am in mood of listening to some song, more precisely I want to listen to the song I Apologize by Five Finger Death Punch, and for the song to be casted on bedroom device.
Can you please confirm that you want to listen to I Apologize song, and for it to be played on Bedroom speaker?
That is what I want. Can you tell me the year when the song came out?
The song is from 2015. Have a good time listening to the song.
Can you tell me the album from where the song is from?
The song is from the album called Got Your Six.
I appreciate it! That would be all.
Have a good time!
I'm seeking a place to eat with California food in Oakland.
I would like 3 restaurants. Dopo would be nice in Oakland.
Yes, that works.
Do you want to reserve a table here?
Maybe a later time.
Would I be able to help you with something else.
Can you find a salon in Oakland.
I see a nice salon 17 Jewels Salon in Oakland.
What is the rating and contact number.
The rating is 4.7 on average and phone 510-653-1059.
Yes, that is great. I would like an appointment at 16:30 to the salon.
What date do you like your appointment?
I would like to go to the salon Next Friday.
Please confirm 17 Jewels Salon for an appointment with the stylist at 4:30 pm March 8th.
Yes, that is great.
The appointment is confirmed.
THanks. Can yo book a restaurant for 3 people at half past 7 in the evening.
Please confirm booking Dopo in Oakland at 7:30 pm for 3 people March 8th.
Yes, that is good for me.
Sorry, I couldn't make a reservation. Is there anything else I can help with.
I would like to book for 2 people at 6:30 pm.
Please confirm a booking Dopo in Oakland at 6:30 pm for 2 people March 8th.
Yes, that will work for me.
The reservation is successful.
I'd like to listen to music now.
Which song so you want to hear.
I would like to listen to The Tattva Trip.
Please confirm the song The Tattva Trip playing on TV.
Yes, that's good. Tell me the type of music it is.
Enjoy the music a rock song.
Thanks so much. That is it.
Have a great day.
I don't feel like cooking so I would like you to look for a place in fremont that serves some curry kind of food
In fremont I've found paradise biryani pointe
look for the phone number and if they are pricey
phone number is 510-598-4940, the price range is moderate
I can eat there
May I book a table?
Not at the moment
What can I do for you then?
You can find me a salon in fremont
sure thing, I've found 10. How do you feel about 3sixty salon and boutique in fremont?
give me the rating
it's 4.7
and the address?
it's 5154 mowry avenue
I think this place is nice so I want to book an appointment at 16:45 on march 1st
Before I do so, I need to be 100% sure of what I am about to do. You want to book an appointment on march 1st at 4:45 pm at 3sixty salon and boutique
You understood your task, just tell me the phone number and if it is unisex
the number to call is 510-574-0881 and it's not unisex. The appointment was not possible to book but I can try to see if there's a spot available on march 1st at 4:30 pm always at 3sixty salon and boutique.
yes, it's a possibility
this time you got it.
cool, now let's go back to the restaurant thing, book a table for four at 1:15 pm
Confirm me your plan. You want to book a table for 4 at paradise biryani pointe in fremont on march 1st at 1:15 pm
yes, I would really love so, I need the address and I would also love to know if they play live music
You won't listen to live music while there. The address is 5029 mowry avenue but I couldn't book the table. What I can do it to see if they have a spot for 4 on march 1st at 1:30 pm at paradise biryani pointe
please try, I really wanna go there
I was able to book the table for you
Can't wait to be there, in the meantime play some music
what do you feel like listening to?
Worst ends would be awesome, stream it on any devise
confirm me my next move: I'll play the song worst ends on tv
Yes, I confirm. Just tell me the name of the album and the genre
It is classified as a rock song and the album where it is taken from is K
great!
Do you still need my services?
no I don't, goodbye
Enjoy the rest of your day
I am looking for nice restaurant.
Which city are you in?
In Santa Clara.
Chinese, Mexican or which type do you want?
I want budget fast food of some kind, in a place that plays live music.
There is McDonald's in Santa Clara.
Where abouts are they?
3509 Homestead Road.
Do they sell alcohol and what is the telephone number?
Yes they do sell alcohol and their contact number is 408-243-2897.
That suits me fine.
Will I book a table for you.
not right now.
What else can I do for you?
I would like a unisex salon in Santa Clara.
There is a good one called about Time Barber Shop in Santa Clara.
Yes I like the sound of that.
Will I make you an appointment.
Yes I would like one.
On what time and date will I book?
At evening 4 on 14th of this month.
To confirm then that is an appointment at About Time Barber Shop at 4 pm on March 14th.
Yes that is correct.
You appointment is booked.
Now I think I will book the restaurant we discussed.
What time would suit you best?
around 6:30 in the evening.
To confirm then that is a table for 2 at McDonald's, Santa Clara, at 6:30 pm on March 14th.
Yes that suits me fine.
Your booking is confirmed.
Now could you play some music for me.
Which particular song do you require?
California King Bed.
To confirm then I will play California King Bed on the TV.
Yes that's right. Who sings the song?
Rihanna, enjoy the song.
Thank you for that.
Do you need anything else?
No thank you.
Have a wonderful day.
I am searching for a place to eat.
In which city shall I looked in? What type of food do you need? It may be Chinese, American or anything else.
I prefer Tacos type of food in Pleasanton.
Alberto's Cantina is a great restaurant in Pleasanton.
yes. it is good for me. Could you please help me in finding a salon in Pleasanton.
I searched and found 9 salons for you. Cosmo'S Barber Shop at Pleasanton.
Yes. it is good. I wish to book an appointment.
In which date do you need an appointment?
I need the appointment on 9th of March.
What is the exact time in which do you need an appointment?
I need the appointment at evening 4:30.
Kindly ensure that, on March 9th, appointment has been booked with Cosmo'S Barber Shop in Pleasanton at 4:30 pm..
It is good.
Your appointment is done.
What is their contact phone number?
The contact number is 925-462-2695.
What is their contact address?
The contact address is 4275 First Street.
Thank you so much. Please help me in booking a table at restaurant.
When will you need the reservation?
Reserve at two in the afternoon.
Kindly ensure that, on March 9th, a table has been booked for 2 persons at Alberto's Cantina in Pleasanton at 2 pm.
No. It is for 1 person at seven in the evening.
Kindly ensure that, the reservation is for 1 person at 7 pm.
It is good for me. What about the pricey there?
Your reservation is done. It is a moderate price range.
What is their contact address?
Their contact address is 435 Main Street.
Thank you so much. I want to listen to music and cast it on TV. I wish to listen Hotel Key. I love songs by Old Dominion.
Kindly ensure that, play the song Hotel Key on TV.
Yes. It is correct.
Enjoy the music.
From which album the song is from?
It is from Happy Endings album.
Thank you so much. that is what I want.
Have a fantastic day.
Hello! please can you find an average priced restaurant in Oakland?
Sure! Are you looking for Indian, Chinese, American or any other food?
I would like to have some Tacos kind of food.
Okay there are 8 restaurants for you. The best one among them is Agave Uptown that is located in Oakland. do you wish to dine here?
Do they have liquor? At what number I can contact them?
Nope, there is no alcohol provided. You can call them at 510-288-3668.
Sounds good... Please can you help me to find a unisex salon in Oakland?
Sure, there are 10 salons available. What about 17 Jewels Salon located in Oakland?
sounds good. Please can you schedule an appointment with this salon?
Sure, at what time do you wish to schedule? When do you want to visit?
Please can you schedule on 8th of March afternoon 3:30?
Sure. Please can you confirm me that you wish to book an appointment with the hair stylist 17 Jewels Salon on March 8th at 3:30 pm, right?
Yup, sounds great.
Sorry due to system crash, the appointment failed. Please do you need any other help?
Please can you try scheduling again at evening 4:30?
Sure. Please can you confirm me that you wish to schedule an appointment with the hair stylist 17 Jewels Salon on March 8th at 4:30 pm, right?
Yup, sounds good. Please can I've their address and what's the average rating of the salon from its customers?
Hey! your appointment is successful. They are located at 4801 Telegraph Avenue and their rating is good of 4.7.
Please can you try booking a table at the restaurant that I chosen earlier?
Sure, at what time?
Please can you reserve at 1:30 in the afternoon.
Sure. Please can you confirm that you wish to book a table at Agave Uptown in Oakland for 2 people on March 8th at 1:30 pm, right?
Nope, please can you make it at 6:30 pm.
Sure. Please can you confirm that you wish to reserve on March 8th at 6:30 pm, right?
Yup, that works for me.
Okay! your booking is successful.
Thanks much. Please I wish to listen to good some music right now on my television. Please do you have any songs by Michael Ray and if you can play the song One that got away, that would be great.
Okay! Please can you confirm me that you wish to play the song One That Got Away on your TV, right?
Nope, please can you cast it on my Bedroom speaker.
Sure, please can you confirm that you wish to play the song One that got away on your bedroom speaker, right?
Yup, you're correct. In which album, this song is included?
It's included in the album Amos. Have a great time with your music.
In which year was it released? What's its genre?
I think it was released recently n 2018 and its a Country song.
Thanks much. That's all I need.
Have a wonderful day.
I am searching for a place to eat around Fremont and i want some korean barbeque.
There is one nice restaurant called Bob Sang in Fremont.
Are they provide liquor? Can i know their contact number?
Yes, they serve liquor. The contact number is 510-252-9844.
Can you suggest me the restaurant in Milpitas?
I searched 3 restaurants. One of the nice restaurant called Cj House Korean Bbq located in Milpitas.
Fine. this is okay for me. Could you help me to search a salon there? I need a salon in Milpitas.
There is one nice salon in Milpitas called Apple Salon Hair & Nails.
Can i know its phone number and the star rating of the salon?
408-644-5852 is the contact number and rating is 4.1.
Yes. this is perfect.
Can i take appointment here?
Yes, i want to book an appointment.
At what date you want the appointment?
I want the appointment on next friday.
What time you want the appointment?
I want the appointment for 6th of this month at 3:30 in the afternoon.
Please give confirmation details: The appointment is at Apple Salon Hair & Nails for march 6th at 3:30 pm.
Yes. that s cool. Can you tell me its address and is it a unisex salon?
Your booking is over. Yes. it is a unisex salon. 1216 South Abel Street is the address.
Can you book the table at the restaurant i liked at one in the afternoon?
Please give confirmation details: Table booking at Cj House Korean Bbq which is in Milpitas city and the booking date is march 6th for 2 people at 1 pm.
Do it at 17:30.
Please give confirmation details: The booking is for 2 people at 5:30 pm.
Fine . this is okay for me. Is there a live music?
Your booking is done. There is no live music.
What about their price?
A moderate price range.
Thank you so much. Now i want to listen some music.
wHICH SONG YOU WANT TO HEAR?
Play it on my Bedroom and i like to listen No Diggity.
Please give confirmation details: Run the song No Diggity on Bedroom Speaker.
Yes. this is perfect. Can i know the type of music and it is from which album?
Have fun with your music. This is from the album Thinking in Textures and it is a Electronica song.
Thanks a lot. That's all i want
Have a great day.
Find me a place that serves French food.
What city do you want?
Search in San Francisco.
Search revealed 10 results. Amelie San Francisco serves French food in San Francisco.
How do I contact them?
You can contact them at 415-292-6916.
What else do you have?
Aquitaine Wine Bar & Bistro is in San Francisco.
That is great.
Shall I book you a reservation?
No, not right now.
Do you need more help?
I need to find a salon too.
Are you looking for a salon in San Francisco?
Yes, that is right.
Search revealed 10 results. 1512 Barber Shop is in San Francisco.
Taht works for me. Make me a booking for afternoon 3 on the 11th.
You want a booking at 3 pm on March 11th at 1512 Barber Shop, correct?
That is right.
Your booking is complete.
I need a table at that restaurant from earlier.
What time do you want to eat?
I wish to eat at 12:30 pm.
You want a table for 2 at Aquitaine Wine Bar & Bistro in San Francisco on March 11th at 12:30 pm, correct?
That is right. Do they have extravagant prices and what is their contact information?
Your booking is complete. They have moderate prices and you can get in touch with them at 415-402-5290.
I want to hear some music right now.
Do you have a specific song in mind?
Play Cool Girl.
You want me to cast Cool Girl to the TV, correct?
That is right. Who sings the song and was it released five years back?
Your song has started and it is by Tove Lo in 2016.
Thanks a bunch. That is everything for now.
Have a great day.
I need a place to eat.
What type of cuisine do you prefer? Italian, American or something else?
How about Noodles? I need something in San Jose that is not very costly.
How about Chef Li in San Jose?
Can I get the address?
Their address is 2033 Camden Avenue # F3.
Do they feature live music?
No, they do not.
Okay, that will work.
Would you like a reservation?
Not now.
Is there anything else that you need?
I want to find a unisex salon in San Jose.
I found 10 salons for you. How about Atelier Salon Willow Glen in San Jose?
What is their rating?
They have an average rating of 4.3.
What is their phone number?
Their address is 1047 Lincoln Highway suite 101. You can contact them at 408-293-3494.
Sounds great.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes, please. Make it for the 4th at 4:30 in the evening.
Confirming that you want an appointment at the Atelier Salon Willow Glen on March 4th at 4:30 pm.
Yes, sounds good.
Your appointment is booked.
Thanks. Can you get me a table at that restaurant?
Sure. For what time?
Try for seven in the evening.
Please confirm the following: I am booking a table for 2 at Chef Li in San Jose for March 4th at 7 pm.
Yes. Does the restaurant serve alcohol? What is their contact number?
The restaurant does not serve alcohol. You can reach them at 408-377-8310. Your reservation is successful.
Thank you. I want to listen to some music. Find me some songs by The Chainsmokers.
Any specific song?
Play Everybody Hates Me.
Confirming that you want me to play Everybody Hates Me on the TV.
Yes,that is correct.
Enjoy your music!
Thanks, that's all.
You're welcome. Have a good day!
I need help finding a restaurant.
Please tell the city I should search in and cuisine you prefer.
A Walnut Creek restaurant that has a Sushi Bar would be perfect.
The nice Kaiwa Sushi in Walnut Creek is one of the 2 restaurants I found.
You mentioned finding two restaurants. What's your other suggestion?
May I suggest Kana Sushi, a nice Walnut Creek restaurant?
Sure, that's fine with me.
Should I go ahead and reserve a table here?
Not right away. Could you also find me a salon there?
Please confirm that you're searching for a salon in Walnut Creek.
That is correct.
Out of the 10 suitable Walnut Creek salons that I found, may I suggest the nice Blow Dry Bar salon?
Please give me their phone number.
You can reach them by phone at 925-837-2990.
Please find out whether it's a unisex salon, and get me the address.
It's a unisex salon located at 1639 North California Boulevard.
I like the salon and would like to schedule an appointment there.
Please tell me your preferred appointment date.
I'd like to schedule a March 3rd appointment.
What's your our preferred appointment time?
Please make the appointment for five in the evening.
Let me see if I got everything correctly: You'd like to schedule a March 3rd, 5 pm appointment at the Blow Dry Bar hairstylist.
That is correct. Could you tell me its average rating?
I have successfully booked your appointment. It has an average rating of 4.4.
Remember the restaurant I liked? Please make a 6:30 pm reservation for 1 there.
Sure, no problem. Please confirm that you'd like to reserve a table for 1 at the Kana Sushi restaurant in Walnut creek on March 3rd, at 6:30 pm.
That is correct. Do they serve alcohol?
I have successfully made your reservation. No, it is a dry restaurant.
I'd like to listen to some music now, please.
Any particular song you'd like to listen to?
Please play Nobody Can Save Me. I want to know why my small brother can't stop talking about it.
Please confirm that you'd like Nobody Can Save Me played on TV.
Yes, please. Could you tell me the song's genre and what album it's in?
Do enjoy your music. It's an Electropop song from the One More Light album.
Thanks, that will be all.
Thank you, and do have yourself a wonderful day!
I'm really hungry and would like to find a restaurant with afforadable prices.
Any particular city I should search in? What type of cuisine did you have in mind? You can tell me American, Indian or something else.
Please search for an Oriental restaurant in Burlingame.
I found a nice restaurant in Burlingame known as Barracuda Japanese Restaurant.
Sounds perfect!
Should I go ahead and reserve a table here?
Not right away, thanks. In the meantime please find me a unisex salon there.
Please confirm that you'd like to find a salon in Burlingame.
That is correct.
How does Burlingame Barber Shop, a nice salon in Burlingame, sound?
Nice! I like the sound of that.
Should I go ahead and make an appointment here?
Yes, please book an appointment for the 3rd at 16:15.
Sure, no problem. Please confirm that you'd like to schedule a March 3rd, 4:15 pm with Burlingame Barber Shop.
That is correct.
Unfortunately, I was unable to make your preferred appointment at the nice Burlingame Barber Shop . There's an opening on March 3rd at 4 pm. Will that be fine?
Yes that's fine.
I have successfully made your appointment.
Okay thanks. Please try booking a table at the restaurant I liked.
For what time should I make the reservation?
Please book it for 6:45 in the evening.
Okay. Please confirm that you'd like to reserve a table for 2 at Barracuda Japanese Restaurant in Burlingame , for 6:45 pm. on March 3rd.
No, I'll be dining alone. Make it a table for one.
Sure, no problem. Please confirm that the reservation is for 1 person, on March 3rd.
You got that right.
Unfortunately, I was unable to make your preferred reservation at the nice Barracuda Japanese Restaurant. There's an open table for 1 on March 3rd at 7 pm. Does that work for you?
Yes, that's fine with me.
I have successfully made your reservation.
Okay thanks. Now I'm in the mood for some music.
Any particular type of song you'd like to listen to?
I'd like to listen to Low.
Let me see if I got everything correctly: You'd like to play Low on the TV.
Yes, you got that right. Who sang this song?
Do enjoy listening to the song. It was sung by Lenny Kravitz.
Thanks a lot. That will be all for now.
Thank you, and do have yourself a wonderful day!
Hi, I'm hungry and I need somewhere to eat. Can you find me a place?
What city should I look in?
How about San Rafael?
What type of cuisine are you looking for?
I'm in the mood for some Italian food.
I found 4 restaurants in San Rafael. How about Gaspare's Pizzeria Ristorante?
Is there anything else you can suggest?
How about Il Davide in San Rafael? It's nice.
Yes, that's perfect. Can you also help me find a salon?
You'd like a salon in San Rafael?
Yes, that's great.
How about Best Coast Cuts in San Rafael? It's nice.
Can you look for a unisex salon instead?
I found 1 salon that meets your criteria. How about Great Clips in San Rafael?
Where are they located? Can you tell me their phone number?
They are located at 216 Northgate One. You can contact them at 415-479-1961.
Sounds good to me.
Should I book you an appointment?
Yes please book an appointment for 4 pm on the 10th of March.
So you'd like an appointment at Great Clips for 4 pm on March 10th. Is this correct?
Yes that's perfect. What is their rating?
Your appointment has been booked. They have a rating of 4.1 stars.
Thanks very much. Can we go back to booking a table at the restaurant I liked?
What time would you like the table for?
Please make it for seven in the evening.
So you'd like a table for 2 at Il Davide in San Rafael for 7 pm on March 10th. Does that sound good?
Sounds good to me.
Your table has been booked!
Where are they located? Do they play live music?
They do not play live music, no. You can find them at 901 A Street.
Thank you! I'd like to listen to some songs now. I'd like to listen to The Struggle by Blacklite District.
So you'd like to play The Struggle on the TV. Is this correct?
Yes, that's great.
Enjoy the song!
Is the song from 2013?
The song came out in 2016.
What album is it from?
The song is from the album To Whom It May Concern.
Thank you very much.
Anything else I can assist you with?
No that's all, I appreciate your help.
Have a wonderful day!
Hi, could you suggest some nice places where I can dine at?
Any specific food preference you might have, such as Italian or American food? And what location do you prefer to dine at?
A restaurant serving pasta in Fairfield would be great!
Sure, there are 1 restaurant called Johnny Carino's which serves up nice Pasta in Fairfield.
I see, what is the price range of their food and do they serve liquor?
Unfortunately, they do not serve alcohol but they are moderate priced.
I am fine with that. Could you also help me search for a unisex salon in Fairfield?
How about the C'S Barber Shop in Fairfield?
Are there any other barber shops?
Yes, how about the Crowns Barber Shop & Hair Salon in Fairfield?
May I have their address please?
You can visit them at 1359 Oliver Road.
That sounds great!
Would you like me to schedule an appointment there for you?
Yes, do help me please.
When and what time would you like to visit them?
I will most probably head down at 4:30 in the evening on the 3rd of March.
Sure, please confirm your appointment at Crowns Barber Shop & Hair Salon at 4:30 pm on March 3rd.
Sure, that is fine with me.
Your appointment has been made.
Thank you so much! Could you also reserve a table at the restaurant previously at 7 in the evening?
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 2 at Johnny Carinos in Fairfield at 7 pm on March 3rd.
Sure, I am fine with that.
Your reservation has been made!
Thank you so much, could you help me play the song titled Eden with the speaker in the kitchen please?
Sure, please confirm your action to play the song Eden on the kitchen speaker.
Yes, that is correct.
Enjoy listening to your music.
Do you know which album does the song belong to and is it from the '18?
No, this song is just released in 2019 and is from the album No More Hollywood Endings.
Sure, that is all I need for now.
No worries, enjoy your music!
I'm hungry and I need somewhere to eat. Any price range is fine.
What city should I look in?
I'd like a restaurant in SFO.
What cuisine are you looking for? For example: Chinese, American, etc.
I'm in the mood for some Ramen.
I found 10 restaurants that you may like. 2g Japanese Brasserie is good and it is in San Francisco.
Yes, that's perfect.
Should I book a table for you?
Maybe at another time. I need to find a salon as well. Can you find me a unisex salon in SFO?
I found 10 salons that meet your criteria. How about 1512 Barber Shop in San Francisco?
Anything else you can find me?
How about 20Th Salon and Barber in San Francisco? It's nice.
What is their phone number?
You can contact them at 415-824-1335.
What is the address of the salon? And what is their average rating?
You can find them on 2737 20th Street. The average rating is 4.5.
That works for me. I'd like to book an appointment at the salon for the day after tomorrow.
What time would you like your appointment to be?
I'd like the appointment for evening 5:15?
So you'd like an appointment at 20Th Salon and Barber for March 3rd at 5:15 pm. How does that sound?
That works for me.
Sorry, I couldn't book the appointment. How about 20Th Salon And Barber for March 3rd at 5 pm?
Yes that works too.
Your appointment has been booked.
Now back to booking the restaurant reservation. Can you book me a table for 2 people at 20:00?
So you'd like a table for 2 at 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco at 8 pm on March 3rd. Is this correct?
Yes, that's great. Do they serve alcohol?
Sorry, I couldn't book the table. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'd like to book a table for quarter past 7 in the evening.
So you'd like a table for 2 at 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco. You'd like the reservation for 7:15 pm on March 3rd. Is that correct?
Yes, that's perfect.
Sorry, I couldn't book the table. How about 2g Japanese Brasserie for 2 people on March 3rd at 7:30 pm?
Yes, that's great.
Your reservation has been booked.
Can you play some music for me?
What song should I play?
I want to listen to Crystallize please.
So you'd like me to play Crystallize on the TV. Is this correct?
That's right. Who is the song by? What genre is the music?
Enjoy! It is a pop song by Lindsey Stirling.
Thank you very much!
Anything else I can assist you with?
That's all, I appreciate your help.
Have a wonderful day!
I want to eat Pasta in Walnut Creek.
In Walnut Creek I found 7. How about Caffe Delle Stelle Restaurant?
Do they have alcohol and what is contact?
Yes and number is 510-943-1094
That works for me.
Do you want to book.
Later, I need a salon.
Also in Walnut Creek?
Yes also there too.
I found 10 in Walnut Creek. How about Blow Dry Bar
How about another choice?
In Walnut Creek, I have Dipietro Todd Salon.
Ok. Book the salon Thursday next week.
What time would you like?
Make it afternoon 3:30.
Confirm March 7th at 3:30 pm at Dipietro Todd Salon.
Is it unisex and what is contact?
Dipietro Todd Salon is unisex and phone is 925-938-3648. How about 4 pm on March 7th.
That will work for me.
You are now confirmed.
Make the restaurant booking at one pm.
Confirm for 2 at 1 pm on March 7th for Caffe Delle Stelle Restaurant in Walnut Creek.
Ok, how pricey and what is address?
Address is 1532 North Main Street and they are moderate.
I want to hear music now.
Do you have a song?
The song is On the Loose.
Confirm on TV, On the Loose.
Yes, did this come out six years ago?
It is from 2017 by Niall Horan.
That is all I need.
Have a great day.
Will you find a restaurant?
Any preference? Which city?
Afforadable Peruvian in Oakland.
I found 2. La Furia Chalaca is in Oakland.
Address? They serve alcohol?
310 Broadway. No alcohol served.
Cool. Will you find a salon there?
In Oakland?
Yes.
17 Jewels Salon is in Oakland.
Average rating? Unisex?
4.7. Unisex.
Great.
Want to make an appointment?
Sure, on 12th of this month.
Time?
evening 5.
Please confirm an appointment for 17 Jewels Salon on March 12th at 5 pm.
Amazing. Address and phone number?
4801 Telegraph Avenue. You may reach them at 510-653-1059.
Thanks. Will you reserve a table at 8 o"clock in the night?
Please confirm a reservation for 2 at La Furia Chalaca in Oakland on March 12th at 8 pm.
Cool.
I could not reserve a table. Anything else?
Try 7:45 in the evening?
Please confirm a reservation for 2 at La Furia Chalaca in Oakland on March 12th at 7:45 pm.
Great. Live music? Phone number?
Yes, live music. You may reach them at 510-451-4206. Reservation was unsuccessful. Try La Furia Chalaca for 2 on March 12th at 7:30 pm?
Sure.
I've completed your reservation.
Thanks. Will you play Let Us Be by Sammielz on my bedroom speaker?
Please confirm Let Us BE playing on Bedroom speaker.
Perfect. Which album?
The Beginning. Enjoy.
From six years back? Genre?
2014, Reggae.
Thanks.
Have a great day.
I'm famished and would like to find a restaurant with moderate prices.
What type of cuisine did you have in mind?, such as Mexican, American or something else?
Please find a place that serves Sushi.
Any particular city I should search in?
It should be in Morgan Hill.
Hanami Sushi, a nice restaurant is one of the 2 restaurants I found in Morgan Hill.
Please find out whether they have live music, and get me their phone number.
They don't play live music and you can reach them by phone on 408-778-6288.
Cool, sounds good.
Should I go ahead and reserve a table here.
Not right away.I might do so later.
Will you be needing my help with anything else?
Yes. Please find me a unisex salon in Morgan Hill.
May I suggest Great Clips, a nice salon in Morgan Hill?
Sure, that sounds nice.
Should I go ahead and schedule an appointment here?
Please please schedule an appointment for later today.
For what time should I make the appointment?
I'd like an evening 4 appointment.
Sure, no problem. Let me see if I got everything correctly: The appointment is for March 1st, 4 pm at Great Clips hair stylist?
That is correct. Where is it located?
I have successfully scheduled your appointment. It's at 1416 First Street.
Okay, now please reserve a table for 3 at the restaurant I liked.
For what time should I make the reservation?
It should be for 13:15.
Okay, no problem. Please confirm that you'd like to reserve a table for 3 at Hanami Sushi in Morgan Hill for 1:15 pm on March 1st.
That is correct.
Unfortunately, I was unable to make your preferred reservation at the nice Hanami Sushi restaurant. There's an open table for 3 on March 1st at 1:30 pm. Will that be fine?
Sure, that's fine with me.
I have successfully made your reservation.
Okay, thanks. Could you please for me music to listen to now?
What song did you have in mind?
I'd like to hear Love Like This.
Sure, no problem. Please confirm that you'd like to listen to Love Like This on TV.
No, sorry. I've changed my mind. I'd like to listen to Goodbye Angels instead.
Okay, no problem. Please confirm that you'd like to listen to Goodbye Angels on TV.
Yes, you got that right. Who sang the song?
Do enjoy listening to your song. It was sung by Red Hot Chili Peppers.
What it released nine years ago? What album is it part of?
It was released in 2016 and is part of The Getaway album.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful. That will be all.
Thank you, and do have yourself a wonderful day!
Help me look for places to eat.
Indian, Italian or something else? which city should I search for?
Burgers in Livermore would be perfect
I found 1 castle rock restaurant in Livermore.
Do they have live music? what is their phone number?
They have live music and their number is 925-456-7100
Cool, I also need to find a salon there
In livermore right?
Yes, that is correct
How about Fusion 3 salon livermore in Livermore?
Sounds good to me
Should I book an appointment then?
Yes, do that
What time should I book for?
2:30 in the afternoon.
What about the date?
4th of this month.
Booking an appointment for fusion 3 salon Livermore on march 4th at 2:30 pm
Sounds perfect to me.
Booking conformed.
Also book the table for 1 at 11:00
Booking a table for 1 at castle rock restaurant in livermore at 11 am on march 4th
sounds perfect to me
Booking confirmed.
Do they serve alcohol?
Yes, they do.
Thanks, can you play some music for me now?
Which song do you want to listen?
Play one last time.
Playing one last time on TV
Cook, who is the singer?
It is Ariana Grande
Thanks a lot.
Anything else I can help with?
No, thanks, That would be all.
Enjoy your music.
I want a place to eat
what food do you want?
italian food in napa
9 restaurants and allegria is there in napa
yes that works
a salon in napa
yes that works
4 salons in stags barbershop in napa
yes that works
I want an appointment there
4:15 pm visiting on 9th of march
stags barbershop at 4:15 pm for appointment in march 9th
that is very good
stags barbershop is good and we can get you in on march 9th 4 pm
yes that works
it is good to go
I want a place for two people
what time for?
afternoon 1 please
table at allegria in napa for 1 pm and 2 people on march 9th
yes that works
it went through
thanks a lot
what song do you want?
bloody mary by lady gaga
bloody mary is on tv
when did it come out?
2011 pop song
thanks a lot
anything else you need?
no thanks now
have a good one
Can you please find me a place to eat?
Sure, but first please tell me in which city as well as the type of cuisine you're looking for - like Mexican, Italian or anything else?
I'd go for some Coffeehouse in Hayward.
Mcdonald's Hayward is actually very nice.
OK, that will do. I'd also like to find an unisex salon there/
In Hayward, right?
Yes, that's correct.
In Hayward I recommend King of Kutz Barbershop.
Can you please tell me their number and address.
They're located at 27659 Mission Boulevard and you can reach them at 510-247-9087.
Perfect. Let's book an appointment there/
Please tell me the time and date for it.
March 7th at 5 in the evening.
Can you please confirm that you need an appointment for King of Kutz barbershop on March 7th at 5 pm?
Yes, that's correct.
I've successfully booked your appointment.
Perfect, thank you.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, please also book a table to the previously found restaurant.
For what time?
7:30 in the evening, please.
Can you please confirm that you want a table for 2 at McDonald's Hayward for March 7th at 7:30 pm?
Yes, that's correct. Do you know if they have a live music band?
I've successfully placed you reservation. The restaurant has live music.
Perfect. Can you play some music now?
Sure, what song.
Please play Let it Be.
Can you confirm that you want me to play Let it Be on TV?
Yes, please do.
Started playing. Enjoy!
Can you please tell me who sings the song as well as the album it's from?
The song is performed be Hayley Kiyoko and it is from the album Expectations.
Thank a lot.
Anything else I can do for you?
No, thanks a lot.
Have a nice day!
Hi there, could you help me find a place to eat in Morgan Hill please.
Do you have any food preferences, such as Chinese or Indian food?
A restaurant which serves burger would be great for me!
Would you like to eat at 88 Keys Cafe in Morgan Hill?
Sure, this is fine with me.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Perhaps later on.
Could I further assist you then?
Could you help me find a unisex salon in Morgan hill too?
Sure, there are 3 salons available, one of which is Great Clips in Morgan Hill.
May I have their average rating please?
They have a rating of 4.2 currently.
I see, could you schedule an appointment with the salon at 17:00 on the 9th of March please?
Sure, please confirm your appointment with Great Clips at 5 pm on March 9th.
This sounds perfect.
Your appointment has been made!
Could you now help me book a table at the restaurant mentioned just now?
Sure, what time will you need the reservation for?
Perhaps at seven in the evening.
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 2 at 88 Keys Cafe in Morgan Hill at 7 pm on March 9th.
Sure, that is fine for me.
Your reservation has been made!
Thank you, do you know if they have live music and the price range of their food?
They play live music and their food are moderate priced.
Thank you! Could you play some music for me please?
Sure, any specific song you would like to listen?
Can I listen to Speak Life, please?
Sure, please confirm your request to play Speak Life on the TV.
Sure, that is fine with me.
Enjoy listening to your music!
Sure, thank you very much.
Do you need further assistance?
No, that is all I need, thank you.
Have a wonderful day ahead!
i like to eat food outside home. find me some good place to eat? pizza kind of food will be perfect.find it in alameda with some intermediate priced food?
what about c'era una volta which is a nice restaurant located in alameda?
ok thats suits for me.
would you like to reserve a table over here?
no not now. find me a salon over there?
whether need to find a salon in alameda?
yes thats good.
i found 8 salons as per as your interest. What about Al's barber shop in alameda?
yes thats great. book an appointment in that salon?
at what time you would like to book an appointment? at what date you want to book?
i want the appointment at 17:30 and the date is on the 10th.
please confirm the following details. the name of the salon is al's barber shop, the appointment is at 5:30 pm and the appointment is on march 10th.
no, i need to visit the salon on the 7th.
please confirm the following details. the appointment is at 5:30 pm and the appointment is on March 7th.
ok thats great. what is its average rating.
appointment is fixed. its average rating is 5.0.
will you try to book a table at the restaurant which i liked? i need a table for 1 people.
at what time the reservation should be?
i need at seven pm.
please confirm the following details. book a table at c'era una volta. the city is alameda. the reservation is at 7 pm for 1 people and the date is march 7th.
ok that sound good to me.
sorry i was not able to reserve. Can i try reservation for 1 people on march 7th at 6:30 pm in c'era una volta restaurant?
ok that works for me.
reservation is successful.
what is their phone number and its address?
their street address is 1332 park street d. their phone number is 510-769-4828.
thanks a lot and find me some songs to hear ? i like justin bieber song.
which song do you wish to listen?
i need to listen to the song sorry
please confirm the following details play the song sorry play it on tv.
ok thats correct, what kind of music and whether is from eight years ago?
enjoy your music. it is from the year 2010 and it is a pop song.
thanks a lot
whether i need to find any other thing?
no thanks for now
take care have a great day
I want to find moderate priced curry food to eat.
What city do you want?
The city is Half Moon Bay.
In Half Moon Bay, I have India Beach.
How about Cambodian food?
In Half Moon Bay, I found 1 called Spice Me Thai Cuisine.
Yes. I also want a unisex salon.
How about a Salon in Half Moon Bay?
Yes that works for me.
In Half Moon Bay, I have Main Barber, a nail salon.
Book salon for March 3rd.
Do you want to book?
Book for quarter past 6 in the evening.
Confirm March 3rd at 6:15 pm at Main Barber.
Make it for 16:00 then.
Confirm Main Barber for 4 pm.
Change to March 9th.
Confirm Main Barber for March 9th.
That works for me.
You are now confirmed.
Thanks for the help.
Is there anything else?
How about booking the restaurant now?
What time would you like?
Book 6:45 in the evening.
Confirm 6:45 pm for 2 on March 9th at Spice Me Thai Cuisine in Half Moon Bay.
Change it to 1.
Confirm change to 1 for March 9th.
That works for me.
I was only able to make it on March 9th for 1 at 6:30 pm for Spice Me Thai Cuisine.
That works for me too.
You are now confirmed.
Thanks, I want to hear music too.
Do you have a song?
The song is So High.
Confirm So High to play on TV.
That is correct.
Enjoy your song today.
Thanks for the help.
Is there anything else?
That is all today.
Have a great day.
I need to get a nice Pizza fix for my day off.. Where do you advise that I go in the moderate price range?
Tell me city you want to check, please.
What's place in Napa?
If you like, you could choose the Allegria restaurant in Napa.
Is live music featured?
It seems there is no live music there.
All right. What's their street address and phone number, please.
You can find this place at 1026 1st Street, and the number there is 707-254-8006.
Nice. That sounds like a good choice. I'm thinking about it. Now, also in Napa, would you suggest a unisex salon I can go to?
Well, there are 4 salons listed in Napa, including the Stags Barbershop.
Oh, that would be fine.
Do you want to make an appointment to go there?
I do, for the 13th of March, please.
And, your appointment should be at what time?
Oh, scratch that date and make the appointment for March 3rd at 14:15, please.
Got it. Please verify that you want to visit a hair stylist at Stags Barbershop on March 3rd at 2:15 pm.
That's exactly what I want. Be sure to get the phone number there. And, what overall rating do you see for their reviews?
Their overall rating is 4.9 and you can reach them at 707-266-1108. Oh, sorry, that appointment time is not available. Would you be able to get to Stags Barbershop on March 3rd at 2:30 pm instead?
I can get there for that time.
Okay, I have booked that appointment for you.
Wonderful. I think I'm ready to reserve a table at that restaurant for eleven in the morning.
Okay. You are confirming that you want to book a table for 2 at Allegria in Napa city on March 3rd at 11 am?
Oh, make that a table for one, and I remember now that I can't make it there until 5 in the evening.
All right. Are you ready to confirm a reservation for 1 guest at 5 pm?
I am. Let's seal the deal.
Your table reservation is all set.
Can I get liquor there?
No alcohol is served there.
That's fine. Now, play me some nice music on the Kitchen speaker, please. I'm in the mood for a Blacklite District song called Them Days.
I can play Them Days on your Kitchen speaker for you. Do you confirm that?
Yes, let it roll.
The music will begin now.
Appreciate that. I'll chill for a bit, and you can chill, too, for now.
Enjoy the music.
I am wanting to go to an Italian restaurant in Novato.
There is Aurora Ristorante Italiano in Novato.
Any other options maybe Asian Fusion, that would be great.
There are 2 possibilities, Anokha Cuisine of India is a good restaurant in Novato.
Yes that would suit.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Possibily a bit later.
Do you need help with anything else?
Could you look up a salon for me too?
A salon in Novato?
Yes that is right.
There is 1 salon called Best Hair in Novato.
Is it for men and women and do you know where it is?
No it is not unisex and the location is 475 Entrada Drive.
Yes that works for me, could you make me an appointment?
What time suits you?
At 3:30 in the afternoon.
What date are you looking for?
For March 13th.
To confirm that that is an appointment for 3:30 pm on March 13th at Best Hair.
Yes that is correct.
Your appointment is now booked.
Thanks for that.
Can I assist you with anything more?
Could you book a table or 2 at the restaurant we discussed previously?
What time for?
for half past 12 in the afternoon.
To confirm then that is a table for 2 at 12:30 pm on March 13th at Anokha Cuisine of India in Novato.
Yes that is it.
Your booking is now confirmed.
Great now I want to listen to music.
What song in particular?
Count on Me and play it on the speaker in the bedroom.
To confirm then I will ply Count on Me on Bedroom speaker.
Yes that is right.
Enjoy the song.
Thanks for everything that is all I need.
Have a lovely day.
Hi, could you help me search for some take-out food which is average priced in San Mateo?
Sure, would you like Mr Pizza Man San Mateo, which is located in San Mateo.
Do they have live music and do they serve liquor there?
No they do not play live music and serve alcohol.
Are there any alternative restaurants which serves alcohol?
Sure, there is 1 restaurant in San Mateo called North Beach Pizza.
Yes, I am fine with that.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Perhaps at a later time. Thanks!
Sure, could I further assist you then?
Could you help me find a salon in that area too?
Are you referring to the San Mateo area?
Yes, I am.
There is a nice salon called Elite Hair Design in the San Mateo area.
What is their average rating?
They are rated an average rating of 5.0
This sounds great! Could you help me make an appointment with them on March 9th please?
Sure, what time would you like the appointment to be at?
I will be visiting them at 17:30.
Please confirm your appointment with Elite Hair Design at 5:30 pm on March 9th.
Yes, that is fine with me.
Your appointment has been made.
Could you book a table for 2 at the restaurant you have found previously? Preferably at 20:00, thans!
Please confirm your reservation for 2 at North Beach Pizza in San Mateo at 8 pm on March 9th.
I am fine with that, do you know whether they play live music on venue and how can I contact them?
Sorry, your reservation could not be made. Could I further assist you?
Yes, could you try booking at 7 in the evening again for a group of 4 people?
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 4 at North Beach Pizza in San Mateo at 7 pm on March 9th.
Sure, that is fine with me.
Sorry, your reservation can not be made. Would you like a reservation for 4 at North Beach Pizza in San Mateo at 6:30 pm on March 9th instead?
Sure, that is fine with me too.
Your reservation has been made, enjoy!
Thank you so much!
Could I further assist you?
Can you play some music for me now?
Yes, which song do you want me to play?
I would like to listen to Yours.
Sure, please confirm your request to play the song Yours on the TV.
That is correct, may I know who is the singer and what is the genre of this song?
Enjoy your music! This is a country song sung by Russell Dickerson.
Thank you so much!
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that is all, thank you so much!
No worries, have a great day ahead!
Hi, could you help me find some places to eat in the San Fran area please?
Sure, are there any types of food you are looking at?
I would love to have some Sichuan food please.
There are 10 available restaurants for you one of which is Alice's which is located in San Francisco.
Yes, I am fine with that. Could you get me a salon in that area too?
Are you referring to the San Francisco area?
Yes, I am.
There are 10 available salons, one of which is 1512 Barber Shop in San Francisco.
May I have their contact number and address please?
Sure, you can visit them at 1532 20th Street and contact them at 415-286-4371.
That sounds great!
Would you like me to make an appointment with them?
Sure, could you schedule one in the evening 4:30 on the 4th?
Sure, please confirm your appointment with 1512 Barber Shop at 4:30 pm on March 4th.
Yes, that is fine with me. Is this a unisex salon, and what is their average rating?
Sorry, your appointment could not be made. How could I further assist you?
Yes please, could you try to book an appointment on the 2nd of March at quarter past 2 in the afternoon instead?
Sure, please confirm your appointment with 1512 Barber Shop at 2:15 pm on March 2nd.
Yes, that is fine wit hme.
Sorry, I could not book the appointment. Would you like an appointment at 1512 Barber Shop at 2:30 pm on March 2nd instead?
Sure, that is fine with me.
Your appointment has been made.
Could you make a reservation at the other restaurant too?
Sure, what time will you be dining in?
I will be visiting them at 5 pm.
Sure, could you make a reservation for 2 at Alice's in San Francisco at 5 pm on March 2nd?
Sure, that is fine with me. May I know the price range of their food items?
Your reservation has been made, and the food there is inexpensive.
I see, that is great! Where are they currently located at?
You can find them at 1599 Sanchez Street.
Thank you, could you play The Awakening on my Bedroom Speaker please?
Sure, please confirm your request to play The Awakening on your bedroom speaker.
Sure, may I know which album does this song belong to?
Enjoy your music! This song originates from the album The Awakening.
I see, thanks you!
Do you need any further assistance?
No, that is not required, thank you!
Sure, have a great day ahead!
Can you please help me find a restaurant?
In which city? And what type of cuisine? You can say something like Italian, American, or something else.
I'd prefer a diner in Vallejo.
I found 2 diners in Vallejo. One is Black Angus Steakhouse.
What's the other?
McDonald's is located in Vallejo.
How can I reach them?
Their number is 707-552-9798.
Yes, that one works for me.
Do you want to reserve a table?
Perhaps at a later time.
Do you need help with anything else?
Can you find me a salon there?
In Vallejo, you mean?
Yes, that's great.
Eyebrow Hub - Vallejo is a salon in Vallejo, California.
That one sounds great.
Do you want me to book you an appointment?
Yes please, I'd like that.
On which date?
Can you make it afternoon 3:30 on the 5th of March?
Please confirm: an appointment for 3:30 pm on March 5th at Eyebrow Hub - Vallejo.
Yes, that's great. What's their rating and phone number?
I've confirmed your appointment. The rating is 4.3 and the phone number is 707-643-3358.
Can you book a table for 4 at the restaurant I liked?
At what time is the reservation?
17:30 would be perfect.
Please confirm: you want to book a table at Mcdonald's in Vallejo at 5:30 pm on March 5th. The table is for 4 people.
Yes, that sounds correct.
I've confirmed your reservation.
Do they serve liquor? Are they cheap?
They're inexpensive, and yes they serve alcohol.
Thank you so much. Can you find music for me to listen to?
What song do you want to hear?
I'd like to hear Temporary Love by Ben Platt.
Please confirm: Play Temporary Love on TV.
Yes, that'll work.
Enjoy the music!
Thank you, that'll be everything.
Have a great day!
I'd like help searching for somewhere to eat.
Is there a kind of you prefer?
I really want to go to a Sushi Bar.
What city would you like to search in?
I want to find a place in Santa Rosa.
Haku Sushi in Santa Rosa is nice?
Do they have liquor. And where are the specifically?
The address is 518 7th Street. The do not have liquor.
Okay, that's fine by me.
Do you want to book a table?
Let's do that later.
What else can I help you with?
I'm also looking for a unisex salon in Santa Rosa, help me out?
Elle Lui Hair Salon in Santa Rosa is nice.
Okay, I'll go there.
Do you want me to make an appointment?
Yes, please do.
What time would you like to the appointment for?
I want to go at 2:45 in the afternoon.
And for what date?
I want to go on the 7th of this month.
I'll book an appointment for you at Elle Lui Hair Salon on March 7th at 2:45 pm, is that good?
Yeah, that's what I want.
I'm sorry, but they booking did not go through. How about an appointment at Elle Lui Hair Salon for March 7th at 2:30 pm instead?
Okay, let's go with that.
The appointment has been booked.
What's their phone number and their average rating?
You can call them at 707-575-1474. And they have a 4.8 average rating.
Thanks a lot. Back to that sushi restaurant. I want a table for four at 11:30 am.
I'll book a table for 4 at Haku Sushi in Santa Rosa on March 7th at 11:30 am, is that correct?
That's correct, yeah.
I'm sorry but the reservation did not go through. Do you need me for anything else?
Try that reservation again, but with 2 people.
I'll book a table for 2 at Haku Sushi in Santa Rosa on March 7th at 11:30 am, is that correct?
Yes, try that. Do they have live music there? And how are the prices, not very costly I hope?
I'm sorry, but the reservation didn't go through. Do you need me to do anything else?
Okay, let's try again. Book it for the evening 5.
I'll book a table for 2 at Haku Sushi in Santa Rosa on March 7th at 5 pm, is that correct?
Yes, please try that.
The table is booked.
Thanks a lot. Now I want to listen to music that's familiar. I want to listen to The Devil You Know.
I'll play The Devil You Know on the TV, is that okay?
Yeah, please do.
Enjoy the song.
Who's the artist? And what year was it released?
The song is by Blues Saraceno and it was released in 2018.
Thank for the info!
Is there anything else you need?
No, thanks again!
Have a pleasant day.
Hi, i need a help, i am very hungry now, could you find me a good place to eat?
yes, i can help you, which type of food are you looking for?
I like some oriental kind of foods.
okay, which city should i search in ?
i am looking around in San Mateo
I have found a restaurant for you in San mateo, The restaurant name is Izakaya Ginji.
Cool, What is the price range are they?
Their price range is moderate.
Yes, it seems good for me.
Can i make a reservation for you?
No, not now, i will tell you later, I need to find salon in San Mateo, Please help me.
I have found a good salon in San Mateo. Salon is Elite Hair design
What is the average rating of the salon?
It a high rated salon, Average rating is 5.0
okay, find another salon for me.
Okay, I have found another good salon in San Mateo, The salon name is Great clips.
Cool, it seems good to me.
Can i make an appointment for you?
Yes, I need to book an appointment.
Please tell me the date and time for book your appointment?
i want to visit the salon on march 11th at evening 4:30.
please confirm the following details: The salon name is Great clips and the appointment on march 11th at Evening 4:30 pm.
Yes, you are right.
Congrats, your appointment has been made.
Okay, thanks, i need to book a table at the restaurant i liked, book it at evening 7.
please confirm the following details: The restaurant name is Izakaya Ginji and it is located at San mateo, The reservation date is march 11th at 7 pm and the reservation for 2 people.
No, It is for 3 people.
please confirm the following details:The restaurant name is Izakaya Ginji and it is located at San mateo, The reservation date is march 11th at 7 pm and the reservation for 3 people.
Yes, that's right, may i know do they serve liquor?
Congratulations, Your reservation is successful, Yes, they serve liquor.
okay, thanks, give me their address.
Their address is 301 East 4th Avenue.
Thanks, i feel boring now, i need to listen some music now, play it on bedroom device.
Okay, Which song do you like?
I interested to listen Side effects.
Please confirm the following details: Play the song Side effects on Bedroom speaker.
Yes, you are right, what type of music is it?
The song started playing on your bedroom speaker, enjoy, It is a pop song.
okay, Tell me which album is it in, it is from 2017?
No, it is from 2018 and it's from the album Sick boy.
Okay, thank you very much for your help
you are welcome, Shall i help you with anything more?
no, thanks, bye
Have a great day, bye
I need a place to eat that has live music.
In which city and what kind of cuisine? Would you like indian, mexican or something else?
I am in the mood to eat mexican food in SF.
There is 1 such restaurant in San Francisco. I recommend los yaquis.
Is alcohol served there? What are they located?
The address is 324 south van ness avenue and alcohol is served.
Yes, that would be great.
Would you like to reserve a table there?
Not right now.
Is there something else you would like?
I want to do my hair at a salon in SF.
1512 barber shop is an excellent salon in san francisco.
I will check them out.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes, for the 3rd of this month at 15:45.
You would like to schedule an appointment at 1512 barber shop for 3:45 pm on march 3rd.
Yes, that would work. May I have a contact number?
The number is 415-286-4371. I am sorry but I was unable to book the appointment at 1512 barber shop. Should I reschedule for March 3rd at 3:30 pm?
Yes, that would be great.
I have booked the appointment.
I want to reserve at table for three for 12:15.
You would like a table for 3 at los yaquis in san francisco for march 3rd at 12:15 pm?
Yes, that would be fine.
I was unable to make the reservation. You would like to reserve a table for 3 at los Yaquis on march 3rd at 12 pm?
Yes, that would be fine.
I have made the reservation.
Is there a contact number for there? Is the food expensive?
The number is 415-252-8204 and the prices are moderate.
Thanks a lot. I want to relax and listen to music.
What song would you like to listen to?
I want to hear butterflies.
You want to listen to butterflies on tv?
Yes, that's right.
Enjoy the music.
What genre of music is that?
It is a country song.
Thanks a lot
Enjoy your day.
How will be the weather in SD on March 7th?
90 degree Fahrenheit average temperature with 17 percent chance of rain.
Are there any natural spot there especially children are fond of?
Birch Aquarium at Scripps Institution of Oceanography is one among 3 there, which is a Nature Preserve.
Can I contact them via phone?
Yes, you can make ring at 858-534-3474
Can you arrange a Pool ride cab for me?
How many persons?
Just for one person.
Ok, you demanded 1 seat in Pool ride to Birch Aquarium at Scripps Institution of Oceanography, correct?
please change it to Regular ride for three persons.
Please verify, 3 seats in Regular ride.
Great, how much should I pay?
It will cost $40.05 and the cab is arriving in short time.
Great, thanks for the help.
Great day, sir.
What's the weather going to be in San Pablo on the 6th of March?
The temperature should be about 73 degrees Fahrenheit with a 21 percent chance of rain.
Thanks. What's the weather going to be in Seattle, WA on March 12th?
The temperature should be about 66 degrees with a 34 percent chance of rain in Seattle.
Great! What are some things to do in Seattle? I like child-friendly things, like a museum.
Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture is in Seattle.
Okay, great. How much is it? What's the phone number there?
The entrance fee is free. Their phone number is 206-543-7907.
Okay great. What are any other things to do that are free? Maybe a park?
There's a park called Gas Works Park.
Awesome, could I get a cab to go there?
Would you prefer a regular or luxury ride to Gas Works Park? How many seats would you need?
I'd like a pool ride, just for one seat.
Okay, you want 1 seat for a pool ride to Gas Works Park. Is this okay?
Yup, that's good! How much will the ride be?
Okay, I booked your ride and its on the way. It'll cost about $7.29.
How long will it take to get here?
The cab should be there in about 6 minutes.
Thanks a bunch. That's all.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I want to check the weather
In which city's weather do you want to search?
In district of columbia
The average temperature for the day is 75 degrees fahrenheit and there is a 13 percent chance to rain.
whats the expected humid?
The humid is around 36 percent
Okay. Can you find me attraction there? Im looking for Nature Preserve
There is 56 Signers of the declaration of Independence Memorial which is a Nature Preserve.
Okay perfect. Can you find a cab to there?
DO you have any preference type of ride? How many seat you need?
I prefer Luxury ride for 1
Please confirm this : You want to ride to 56 Signers of the Declaration of Independence Memorial for 1 seats in Luxury ride
Yes thats right. How long before the cab reached here?
Your cab is booked and its on its way. The cab is expected in 10 min
How about total cost?
The costs is $26.56
Thanks a lot for the help
can i assist you on anything else?
No Thanks a lot for it
Have a good day
I'd like to check the weather
Which city would you like to check the weather for?
Check it in phoenix please
The average temperature should be 89 F with a 15 % chance of rain
How humid is it expected to be
The humidity is expected to be 23 %
Perfect, thanks. Could you also show me some child friendly attractions there?
Arizona science center is a museum that you should check out
What's the telephone?
The phone is 602-716-2000
Is the entrance free?
No, it's not free entrance
Good. Could you book me a regular cab ride for one to get there, please?
Please confirm the following details: 1 seat in regular for Arizona science center
Yes, that's it. How long before the cab reaches here?
The ride has been booked, and it's on its way. It should arrive in 4 minutes
Thank you so much
Is there anything else I can do for you ?
no thanks, that was all
Have a good day
I wonder if its a good day to go outside. What is the weather like?
In what city do you want to check the weather?
I am in Sacramento, CA of course.
82 degress Fahrenheit is the average temperature today and there is a 26 percentage possibility of raining.
Fine. What attractions are in the area?
There is the California Automobile Museum. You might like this Museum.
Is the attraction kid-friendly and does it have free entrance?
This might not be great for the kids and entry is not free either.
Alright. What other attractions can you find me? I want a natural spot, you know?
You have 2 attractions that might be to your taste. What do you think of Sacramento Zoo which is a Nature Preserve?
That is excellent. Book me a cab to the place.
What number of seats shall I book and what kind of ride do you want?
Make it a luxury ride for two people.
Verify these details. You want a cab ride with 2 seats in a Luxury vehicle to the Sacramento Zoo.
Yeah that is true.
Your cab is booked and it is getting here.
Thank you very much.
Do you want any other help?
Nope. That is it really. Thanks.
Have a nice day!
What is the weather?
Which city should I check for you?
What's the weather in Phoenix?
The average temperature for today is 89 degrees. The chance of rain is 15 percent.
Okay. Can you show me some attractions in the area?
The Arizona Capitol Museum is a popular Museum.
Sounds great! Can you find me a cab to get there?
Would you prefer a pool or regular ride? And how many seats do you need?
I would like two seats in a Luxury ride.
To confirm, you would like 2 seats in a Luxury ride heading to the Arizona Capitol Museum, correct?
Yes, that is correct. How long before the cab gets here?
I booked your cab and they are in the way. It should arrive in 11 minutes.
Thank you for all your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Thanks!
No problem! Have a great day.
How's the weather in San Francisco on March 13th?
There's a 9 percent chance of rain and it'll be about 94 degrees.
How about Vegas on March 14th?
There's a 15 percent chance of rain and it'll be 71 degrees.
Can you show me attractions there?
How about the Discovery Children's Museum?
Anything else?
How about Floyd Lamb Park?
How about a museum?
Check out Las Vegas Natural History Museum.
Is it child-friendly and free?
It's not free but it is child friendly.
Can you get me a regular cab for two?
To confirm, you'd like a regular ride for 2 to Las Vegas Natural History Museum?
Yes please.
Your cab is on the way.
Thanks. That'll be all.
Have a good day.
Please tell me the weather forecast for March 5th, in Vancouver.
The expected average temperature for the day is 62 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 56 percent chance of rain.
Cool, thanks. Please find me some outdoor attractions over there.
Your search yielded 10 attractions that might interest you. May I suggest Bloedel Conservatory Park?
That sounds nice. What about the 9 other attractions you mentioned? Is there a garden that doesn't charge an entry fee?
You must absolutely check out the Park called Dr. Sun Yat-Sen Classical Chinese Garden.
All right, that's nice. Please find me a Regular cab to get there.
Please let me know the number of seats you'll be needing.
I'll be by myself, so please find just 1 seat.
Sure, no problem. Let me see if I got everything correctly: You'd like 1 Regular cab ride to Dr. Sun Yat-Sen Classical Chinese Garden.
Yes, that is correct.
I have successfully booked your ride and the cab is on its way.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful. That will be all.
Thank you, and have a lovely day!
Can you check the weather in London on 12th of March?
The expected average temperature through the day is 87 degree Fahrenheit with 21 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy is it expected to be?
The expected humidity is 32 percent and average wind speed will be 2 miles per hour.
Okay. Can you show me some tourist spots there?
I found 10 attractions as per your choice. There is a Historical landmark called 30 St Mary Axe (The Gherkin).
Can you check the contact number and the entry fee for this attraction?
The contact number is 20 7071 5029 and there is no entry fee.
Okay. Can you find any other attractions?
There is a Performing Arts venue called Alexandra Palace.
Okay. Can you find any other attractions?
There is a Sports venue called Alexandra Palace Ice Rink.
OKay. Can you book a Luxury ride in a cab for me to there?
For how many people should I book the cab?
Please book the cab for 1 people only.
Please confirm: You want me to book a Luxury ride for 1 people in a cab to Alexandra Palace Ice Rink.
Yes, That is correct. Can you find me the cost and the expected time of arrival?
Your ride has been booked for the price of $23.92 and it will arrive in 14 minutes.
That will be all. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day.
Please help me to check the weather condition in KL.
Yes, please note that the average temperature should be 102 degrees Fahrenheit and the chance of rain is 8 %
That is okay, please check for some interesting places there to visit.
Found 10 attractive places there and the park at 99 Wonderland Park is the best one.
Let me know the contact number of that place. Also please check whether the entrance is free there or not?
Entrance is free and the contact number is 12-559 9034. Is this information useful?
Yes, but I need to search for something else.
Found 9 attractive places. What about Aquaria KLCC, Kuala Lumpur. This is a place of Nature Preserve and very interesting one.
That is good to me also. Please search for a cab to go there and I am the only 1 person to travel.
What type of ride will be okay for you?
Pool ride will be okay for me.
Please confirm to book a Pool ride Cab for 1 person to Aquaria KLCC, Kuala Lumpur.
Yes, check with the cost.
$12.09 is the cost for that ride. I have booked the Cab and it will reach you soon.
When will I expect the Cab at my place?
It will reach you in 6 minutes.
Thanks for that help.
Anything else?
No, that's all I want.
Have a great day.
I want to check the weather in Lagunitas.
It's 92 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 18 percent chance of rain.
What about on March 3rd?
It'll be 87 degrees Fahrenheit with a 12 percent chance of rain.
And how about on March 12th in Anaheim?
It'll be 71 degrees Fahrenheit with a 16 percent chance of rain.
Awesome. Could you show me some attractions there?
There's a Sports Venue called Angel Stadium of Anaheim you could check out.
Awesome. Get me a cab for 4 please.
What kind would you like? Luxury, Regular or another choice?
I would prefer a Regular ride.
Please confirm the following: You want a ride to Angel Stadium of Anaheim for 4 people in a Regular ride.
Yup, that's great.
I have booked the cab and it's on its way.
Thanks so much!
Is there anything else?
Nope, thanks again.
Have a great day.
What's the weather in Saratoga?
It's 78 degrees with a 1 percent chance of rain.
How about Sydney Australia for March 10th?
Average temp should be 92 degrees with a 5 percent chance of rain.
Is it going to be windy?
Only 1 mile per hour.
What's the humidity going to be like?
Expect the humidity to be about 20 percent.
What about on March 12th?
Average temps for that day is about 101 degrees with a 2 percent chance of rain.
What are some attractions over there?
There's a great Sports Venue, ANZ Stadium.
Is it kid-friendly?
I'd say it's a pretty good place to take the kids to.
Sounds good, thanks.
Anything else you need help with?
I'll need a cab there.
How many seats and what type of ride?
A Pool ride for one.
Just to make sure, you want a Pool ride for 1 to ANZ Stadium.
That's perfect, thanks.
You're all set!
Thanks a lot.
Can I help with anything else?
Not right now, thanks though.
Have a good one!
Hey, what's the weather gonna be in Sacramento on the 1st of March. I need to know if I should buy a coat.
The weather is expected to be 82 degrees Fahrenheit with a 26 percent chance of rain.
Good to know. Can you show me some attractions around there?
The California Automobile Museum is definitely something you should check out.
Cool. Any other attractions?
The California Museum is also real good.
Cool, any other attractions? I want something child-friendly without an entry fee.
I found 3 of those. The California State Capitol Museum is one of the good ones that meet your requirements.
What's their number?
916-445-2841.
Okay, good to know.
Can I assist you in anything else?
Can you get me a cab to get there?
Do you prefer any type of ride?
A Luxury ride is what I enjoy.
How many people will be going?
Just one please.
So 1 seat on a Luxury ride to California State Capitol Museum?
Yes, that's it. How much will it cost? Is it a long drive?
Your cab is booked and on the way. It's a 13 minutes ride that will cost you $19.81.
Thanks for the help.
Can I assist you further?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Have an amazing day.
What's the weather forecast for Anaheim on March 5th?
The average temperature for the day will be 75 degrees, with a 4 percent chance of rain.
Okay. What's there to do in Anaheim? I'd like something child-friendly. I am interested in a stadium.
I have 1 attraction you may like. The Honda Center is a sports venue in Anaheim.
Okay, good. Can you get me a cab there?
How many seats do you need? Do you have a ride preference? You can give me a keyword such as luxury or regular.
I prefer a regular ride. All I need is a ride for 1 person.
Please confirm: you need a ride for 1 person to Honda Center. You prefer a regular ride.
Yes, that's good.
I have booked your ride. The cab is on its way.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
What will theweather be like in Seattle on March 5th?
The temp should be 61 degrees Fahrenheit and there is an 18 percent chance of rain.
Okay, can you find me some attractions?
I found 10. The first is Brandon Lee and Bruce Lee's grave site, which is a tourist attraction.
Is this place child friendly?
Yes, it is. The number is 206-322-1582.
Cool, I need to find a shopping district too.
I found 2. Columbia Center is a nice shopping area.
Great, can you get me a cab for 1?
Do you prefer a certain type?
Luxury if you can find it please.
Columbia Center for 1, Luxury. Is that correct.
No make it a pool.
A pool ride to Columbia Center, correct?
Yes that is perfect, how much?
$7.04, your ride has been booked.
When does it arrive?
It arrives in 6 minutes.
Thank you that is all for now.
Have a great day.
I want to know if I should buy a coat. How's the weather gonna be in San Rafael on Wednesday next week?
The average temperature should be 76 degrees Fahrenheit with a 14 percent chance of rain.
Good to know. How about in Vancouver, BC on March 5th?
The average temperature should be 62 degrees Fahrenheit with a 56 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy? How humid is it expected to be?
The humidity should be around 43 percent with a 12 miles per hour average wind.
Okay, good. Can you show me some attractions there? I'm looking for a Park without an entry fee.
There's the Bloedel Conservatory. It's a very good park.
What's their phone number? Is it kid friendly?
It's not really child-friendly. Their number is 604-257-8584.
Any other place available? I want something child-friendly.
There's the Dr. Sun Yat-Sen Classical Chinese Garden. It's a good park.
Can you get me a cab there? I want a regular ride for two.
Please confirm: you want 2 seats on a regular ride cab drive to Dr. Sun Yat-Sen Classical Chinese Garden. Is that correct?
Yes, that's it.
I booked your ride and your cab is on the way.
Thanks a lot. That's all I need.
Have an amazing day.
Please tell me what the weather will be on this Saturday in San Fran.
There is a 15 percent chance of rain on that and the average temperature should be 72.
Will it be very humid?
The humidity is forecasted to be about 30 percent.
Ok. Can you search for childp-friendly attractions in the area?
I found 10 attractions you may like. A good Historical Landmark to visit is Alcatraz Island.
Yes, that sounds good. I will need to cab to get there.
How many people will be traveling in the cab?
There are three of us.
Would you prefer a Luxury ride, Regular ride, or something else?
I actually would like a Pool ride.
Ok, you would like a Pool ride for 3 people to Alcatraz Island. Is that right?
Yes, that is correct. How much is the cab fare and when will the cab arrive?
Your cab in on the way and should be there in 3 minutes. The cost will be $29.83
Perfect! Thanks so much!
Have a nice day.
Tell me the weather on March 8th for Vegas.
It average 76 degrees with a 17 percent chance of rain.
What about humidity and wind?
Humidity is expected to be around 36 percent with a 7 mile per hour wind.
Can you find stuff for me to do there?
Search revealed 9 events there. There is the DISCOVERY Children's Museum under the Museum category.
What else do you have?
I found Floyd Lamb Park under the Park category.
What else do you have?
There is the Fremont Street Experience which is a Shopping Area.
Can you give me their contact number?
702-678-5600 is how you get in contact with them.
I also need a cab for 4 people.
What type of cab do you want?
I want a Regular ride for three people.
You want a Regular cab ride for 3 people to the Fremont Street Experience. Is that right?
That is correct.
Your cab is now coming for you.
Thanks a bunch.
Do you need something more?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
i need to know about the weather condition on March 3rd , will you find the weather on that day?
In which city i need to check the weather for?
In the city San Diego.
the average temperature for the day be 82 degrees fahrenheit and there is a 7 percent chance of rain.
ok .thanks. Please tell me about some interesting places to visit over there. I like museum .
there are 10 attractions according to your interest. One is Fleet Science Center which is a museum.
okay great. will you get me a cab there?
How many seats do you prefer?
I need 2 seater.
Which type of ride would you prefer, whether pool or luxury or any other thing.
I prefer a Regular ride
Ok please check and confirm the following details: A car ride to Fleet Science Center and need 2 seats .it is a regular ride.
ok that's good.
Ride is confirmed and the cab is on its way.
Thanks a lot for your immense help
whether i need to help you with any other thing?
No. thanks a lot for your immense help
take care have a wonderful day.
I wanna see what the weather is gonna be like.
Which city would you like to check?
Kuala Lumpur please.
There is an 8 percent chance of rain but the average temp for the day will be a toasty 102 degrees.
Okay, are there some attractions there, something child-friendly?
I found 10 attractions that might interest you, there is a park calls 99 wonderland park.
Cool, any others you can think of? I'm also looking for a mall.
There is 1 attraction in a Shopping Area called ICC Pudu.
Great, can you get me a ride there?
How many seats are you wanting?
I will need 2 seats please.
Any preference for the ride type?
Actually, I would prefer a pool ride, I am in a group of 1.
You would like a 1 seat pool ride to ICC pudu, correct?
Yup! When will the cab be here and how much will this cost?
Alright, I booked the ride for you. The cab will be arriving in 6 minutes and will cost $13.77.
Thanks a bunch!
Anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, Thanks!
Have a great day!
I want to check the weather!
In which city?
In Ciudad de Mexico.
The average temperature is about 102 degrees with a 0 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be?
The wind speed will around 12 miles per hour.
Thanks, what attractions are in Ciudad de Mexico?
You may like Acuario Inbursa; it's a Nature Preserve.
What other attractions are available?
There is a nice Museum called the Arte Carrillo Gil Museum.
Good, can you find me a cab.
What type of cab would you like? Regular, Luxury, or something else?
I want a Pool ride.
For how many people?
Just 1.
Please confirm the following details: 1 seat for a Pool ride to the Arte Carrillo Gil Museum.
No, make it a Luxury ride and I have a group of three.
Please confirm the following details: you want 3 seats for a Luxury ride.
Yes, that works.
Your luxury ride is booked.
Thanks a bunch!
May I help you further?
No, I am good.
Have a great day!
I'm going on a little day trip. Can you check the weather for me in Nairobi on March 13th?
Sure. Looks like the average temperature is 89 degrees Fahrenheit that day, and there's a 1 percent chance of rain.
How about the humidity?
It will be around 15 percent.
Ok, that's pretty good. Can you see what there is to do there?
Sure, I found 3 possible attractions you might like. The Giraffe Centre is a Nature Preserve - how about that?
That sounds great. Can you book me a cab there for 1 person?
Sure, what's your preferred ride type?
A Pool ride is fine.
Ok. To confirm, you're booking 1 seat in a Pool ride to the Giraffe Centre. Is that right?
Yeah, that's fine. What's the cost and when will it be here?
It will be $10.03 and it's arriving in about 9 minutes.
Great, thanks for your help.
Anything else I can do?
No, thank you.
Have a good day.
I want to check the weather condition, need your help.
In which City, do I need to check it? Any preferred area?
Check it in Philadelphia.
Checked and found that average temperature will be 81 degrees Fahrenheit and there will be a chance of 8 % for rain.
What abut the Wind speed? Is that high or normal?
Average Wind speed will be 4 miles per hour. Any other information you need?
Thanks. Yes, I also need to search some nice places for my visit. Can you check something interesting?
I found 10 attractive places for you. I suggest one place which is a Tourist Attraction and the name of the place is Art Museum Steps. Hope this will be very good place for you.
That sounds good to me. Can I get a Cab to go there?
Yes, How many persons are in your group?
Book it for 2 persons.
Tell me which type of ride you need whether it is Pool or Regular or any other?
I like to go with Regular one.
Please confirm to book a Cab with regular ride for 2 persons to Art Museum Steps.
Confirmed, please proceed. Also let me know the time will be taken by the Cab to reach my place.
I have booked the Cab and it will reach you in 2 minutes.
Thank you for the work.
Any other help you need from me?
No, that's all I want.
Have a great day.
I want to check the weather in Atlanta.
The temperature is 86 degrees F with a 28 % chance of rain.
Can you tell me about child-friendly attractions there?
I see 10 attractions of interest including Atlanta Botanical Garden which is a park.
That would be great to get a cab there. I like a luxury ride for 4.
I would like to rid to Atlanta Botanical Garden with a 4 seat luxury ride.
No, I want a group of 1.
Please let me know if you need a 1 seat luxury ride.
Yes, that would be great. How much time before the cab comes?
I booked a cab ride for 12 minutes from now.
Thanks so much for your help. That will be all.
Have a great day.
Check the weather for Sydney for the March 2nd please.
One moment. The average temperature for that day should be 101 degrees Fahrenheit. Be advised there is a 2 percent chance of rain.
Wow, ok. Bring up local attractions there please.
Sure thing. I have found 10 attractions that may be of interest to you. Let's start with ANZ Stadium, this is a Sports Venue.
Oh, that sounds good. Go ahead and get a luxury ride set up for 3 people please.
Sure thing, please confirm you want a Luxury ride to ANZ Stadium for 3 people. Is this correct?
No, make it a Pool ride, for two people.
Ok, please confirm adjustment, 2 people requesting a Pool ride. Is that right?
Yep, that's right. How much will that cost me? How long of a wait for the ride?
Great, your ride is booked and in route. The ride will be $11.14 and should arrive within 4 minutes.
Perfect, thanks for that.
your welcome, anytime. Can I help with anything else?
Nope, that's it.
Ok, Have a great time.
I'm going on a trip soon. What's the weather like in London, England on the the 11th?
London temperatures on that day should average 71 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 15 percent chance of rain.
Good to know. Can you look up some relevant attractions in the area?
The historical landmark 30 St Mary Axe (The Gherkin) is a good one.
Nice. What other attractions can you tell me about?
There's a performing arts venue called Alexandra Palace.
Good to know. Can you fetch a cab for me? I'm the only one in the group.
What type of ride do you want? Regular, luxury, or something else?
Luxury would be good.
Got it. You want a 1 seat luxury ride to Alexandra Palace?
Okay. How much longer until the cab is here, and what's the price?
I have booked your ride. The cab should be here in about 12 minutes, and will cost $17.63.
Thanks for helping me out.
Can I help you out with anything else right now?
Not now. Thanks for the help.
Have a wonderful time in London!
What will the weather be like at Half Moon bay on March 11th?
88 degrees Fahrenheit we be the average for the day along with a 6 percent chance of rain.
How windy and humid will it be on that day?
There is an average wind speed of 10 miles an hour with 20 percent humidity.
Great, and about
I'm sorry, was there something else you'd like me to help you with?
I'd like to check the weather in ATL for March 8th.
79 degrees Fahrenheit is the average temperature for the day with a 12 percent chance of rain.
Excellent. Can you help me find some local attractions? I'm looking for a Park.
You should stop by the Atlanta Botanical Garden, a park in the area.
Great. Are there any other attractions you can recommend?
You can also stop by Chastain Memorial Park, another Park in the area.
Awesome. Can you schedule a cab for me there?
How many passengers will be riding?
There will be two of us.
Would you prefer a Regular or Luxury ride?
A Regular ride will be fine, please.
To confirm: You'd like a Regular ride for 2 passengers to Chastain Memorial Park, correct?
Yes, that's be great. What's the total cost?
Your cab is on its way. The ride came to $28.24.
Thank you so much. That'll be all.
Enjoy your day.
Hey, I wanna know the weather in Castro Valley
It's gonna be 91 degrees and an 18% chance of rain
It is gonna be windy and humid?
It's 16% humidity and about 9 mph wind speed
Okay, how about in Ciudad de Mexico on March 12th?
89 degrees over there with a 6% chance of rain
Cool, show me attractions in that area.
How about a cool Nature Preserve like Acuario Inbursa?
What else do you think I'd like?
What about the Arte Carrillo Gil Museum?
What's their number? And is it free entrance?
No, you have to pay to get in. You can reach them at 55 8647 5450
OK cool. Get me a cab there, pool is fine
For how many people?
Just 1 please
Confirming a pool ride for 1 to Arte Carrillo Gil Museum?
Yes please. How much is it and how long till the cab reaches me?
It's booked and should be three in 5 minutes and will cost you $11.45
Thanks for your help
Sure, what else can I do?
No, thanks a lot for your help though
No problem, have a good one!
Can you check the weather in Seattle, WA for March 8th?
The weather on March 8th will be 65 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 21% chance of rain.
What about the humidity, and the wind conditions?
Humidity will be around 16%, and the wind speed is expected to be on average 7 mph.
Great, thanks for that, can you tell me any notable attractions in that city, preferably something child-friendly like a park.
One good park I can recommend is Gas Works Park.
Sounds cool, any other attractions, something like a tourist attraction?
One tourist attraction you can check out is Brandon Lee and Bruce Lee's Grave Site.
Great, thanks for the help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
For a group 1, can you reserve me a cab?
Do you have a preference in what kind of ride you will like?
A luxury ride would be ideal.
You wish to ride a luxury ride for 1 to Brandon Lee and Bruce Lee's Grave Site, correct?
That's right, however how much does the cab cost and what is the expected waiting time?
The cab has been booked and is on-route, it will cost $18.76 and will arrive in 8 minutes.
That will be all, thanks so much for all the help.
No problem, have a wonderful day.
What's the weather going to be on the 5th of March?
Where would you like me to look?
For Anaheim, CA.
It should be about 75 degrees with a 4 percent chance of rain.
Okay, what are some things to do there?
There's 10 attractions that might be of interest to you. There's a sports venue Angel Stadium of Anaheim.
Is this child-friendly? Does it have an entrance fee?
This place isn't the best for kids. The entry requires a fee.
Okay, sounds good. Could I get a cab there?
How many seats you need?
Just for 1.
Would you like a regular or pool ride?
Regular ride is good.
Okay, please confirm the following: 1 seat for a regular cab ride to the Angel Stadium of Anaheim.
Yup, that works.
Your ride has been booked and on its way to you now.
Thanks so much. That's it for now.
You're welcome, have a good day.
What's the weather in Chi-town for 14th of March?
The average temperature for the day will be 68 degrees, with a 24 percent chance of rain.
Is it going to be windy or humid?
The humidity forecast is around 26 percent, with an average wind speed of 12 miles per hour.
Okay. What attractions do you have there?
I have 10 attractions you may like. How about 360 CHICAGO? That's a tourist attraction.
Okay, that sounds good. Can you get me a cab?
How many seats do you need? What type of ride do you prefer? As in, pool, or regular, or something else.
I prefer a regular ride. There's just 1 person in my party.
Please confirm: I am booking a ride to 360 CHICAGO for 1 person. You prefer a regular ride.
Yes, that's good.
I have booked your ride and the cab is on its way.
How much will that cost? When will the cab arrive?
The ride will cost $10.21 and the cab should arrive in 6 minutes.
Thanks very much.
Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all. Thanks very much.
Have a great day.
I'd like to know the weather at Point Reyes Station on the 9th of this month.
The temperature will be around 90 degrees Fahrenheit with a 13 percent chance of rain.
Great, what about the weather in Atlanta on March 5th?
On that day the average temperature will be 82 degrees Fahrenheit with an 18 percent chance of rain.
How humid will it be then?
The humidity will be about 29 percent.
How windy will it be?
The wind will be about 5 miles per hour on the 5th.
Great. What about the attractions there? I want to find a natural spot of some sort.
You could try Georgia Aquarium, which is a nature preserve.
Is the place good for kids?
Yes, it's a great place to take the kids.
Perfect, are there any other attractions I might enjoy?
You should also try Zoo Atlanta, it's a nature preserve as well.
Is the entry free for the zoo? Also, will the kids have a good time there?
Yes, there is no cost to enter and the kids will have a great time there.
That sounds wonderful.
Is there anything more I can help with?
Could you book me a cab to get there?
What type of ride would you like and how many seats?
I only need 1 seat and I'd like a regular ride.
Okay, please confirm: 1 seat in a regular ride to Zoo Atlanta.
Yes, that's perfect.
I booked the cab and it's on its way.
Thanks so much for helping.
Anything more I can do for you?
No thanks, I appreciate it.
Have a good day then!
I like to visit the place Philly on March 1st. I need to check about the weather condition there on that day. Can you help me to check it?
Yes, please note that the average temperature should be 81 degrees Fahrenheit and the chance of rain will be 8 % there.
Check with the level of Humidity and Wind there.
Average wind speed will be 4 miles per hour and the humidity will be around 23 %. Is that information useful to you.
yes. thanks. And please check out some interesting places to visit.
Found 10 attractive places. Art Museum Steps is the best one and which is also a Tourist Attraction.
That is fine. But I need to search for some places like Museum which is also be a safe place to the Children. Can you find the one for me?
Yes, found a Museum named Barnes Foundation. How about that?
That is okay to me. I need to go there with another person on a Cab. please check for a Pool Ride cab for 2 persons.
I need your confirmation to book a Pool ride cab for 2 persons to Barnes Foundation.
I have changed the plan. Please search for the cab with regular ride for only one person.
Okay, confirm to proceed with the booking of a Cab with regular ride for 1 person
That is correct. Let me know the cost for that ride.
Ride cost is $13.81. I have booked the cab and it will reach you soon.
Thank you for your help in this plan.
Anything else?
No, thank you. That's all for now.
Have a great day.
What is the weather going to be like in Chicago on this Sunday?
The temperature will average around 67 degrees and there will be a 36 percent chance of it raining.
Sounds good. What kind of attractions can I visit there?
I've found 10 attractions that may interest you. First on the list is the 360 CHICAGO. It's a popular Tourist Attraction.
Okay, that sounds good.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could you book me a cab to get there?
Sure. How many will be traveling? Do you have a preference, such as a Pool ride or a Regular ride?
I'd like a Regular ride for just a group of one.
To confirm, you want a Regular ride to 360 CHICAGO for just 1 seat.
Yeah. That is correct.
I have ordered your ride and it should be on the way.
Thank you so much for the help.
Have a great day!
Tell me what the weather will be on March 6th.
What city shall I look in?
Look in Portland for March 9th.
The normal temperature is 67 degrees with a 44 percent chance of rain.
I see. Thanks.
Do you want anything more?
What attractions can you find there?
Crystal Springs Rhododendron Garden is a Park that you should see.
That works. Can you find me a Luxury cab for one person?
You want a Luxury cab for 1 person to Crystal Springs Rhododendron Garden. Is that right?
That is correct.
Your ride is coming for you now.
Thanks a bunch.
Do you need something more?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
Whats the weather going to be like in SD on March 5th?
It averages 84 degrees at that time with an 8 percent chance of rain.
What is there to do? Like maybe a Museum. Something free and where you can bring the kids.
You should check out the Fleet Science Center. Great Museum.
Nice. Can you get me a cab for one there?
Luxury? Regular?
Regular is fine.
1 regular to Fleet Science Center. Right?
That is right.
The car is on the way.
Excellent. Tahnk you.
You are welcome.
Can you tell me what the weather is like?
Sure, what city?
Can you look in Toronto on 12th of March?
It's going to be a mild 64 degrees with a 1 percent chance of rain
Can you tell me how humid and windy it's gonna be?
Humidity will be around 15 percent and wind speeds of around 12 miles per hour.
Cool. What attractions are there? Something where I don't have to pay.
I've 10 - what about BAPS Shri Swaminarayan Mandir? It's a Place of Worship.
Is it child friendly do you know? And can you get me the phone number please?
Sure, phone number is 416-798-2277. I've had a look and it seems like a lovely place to take the kids to.
Cool. Can you book me a cab to get there please? Just the 1 person and a luxury ride if possible
Sure, just to confirm that I'll book a luxury cab for 1 person to the BAPS Shri Swaminarayan Mandir?
Yes perfect. Can you let me know how much it will cost and when it will get here?
Cab is booked - it costs $31.57 and should be with you in about 10 minutes.
Lovely, thanks so much
Can I do anything else for you?
No thanks
Okay, enjoy your trip out.
Check the weather for 10th of this month.
For what city?
Los Angeles
There's a 10 percent chance of rain and it should be around 91 degrees.
How about humidity and wind?
Humidity should be about 19 percent with wind speed approximatey 8 mile per hour.
Can you show me attractions there, preferably a park?
How about Exposition Park.
Is it free and child-friendly?
Yes, its both free and child-friendly.
Awesome. Can you get me a cab please?
Do you have a ride preference?
A regular ride for three is fine.
To confirm, you'd like a regular ride for 3 to Exposition Park?
Perfect
Your cab is on the way.
How much is it and when will it arrive?
It will be $29.05 and should be there in 3 minutes.
Thanks. That'll be all.
Have a great day.
Check the weather.
For what city?
Sacramento, CA
There's a 26 percent chance of rain and it should be about 82 degrees.
Can you show me child-friendly attractions, preferably a museum?
How about the California Museum?
Cool, anything else?
How about the California State Capitol Museum?
That sounds great. Can you get me a cab for 1?
What type?
A luxury ride please.
To confirm, you'd like a luxury ride for 1 to California State Capitol Museum?
Yes. When will it be here and how much will it be?
Your ride is on the way. It should be there in 13 minutes and costs $19.81.
Thank you.
Anything else I can help with?
No thanks.
Have a great day.
Please check the weather in Muir Beach
Its average temperature is 81 degrees Fahrenheit with a 13 % chance of rain
ok, and in Seattle, WA on March 11th
Its average temperature is 73 degrees Fahrenheit with a 4 % chance of rain
ok, any attractions here?
There is a tourist attraction, Brandon Lee and Bruce lee's grave site.
Any thing else?
There is a Museum also, the Burke Museum of Natural History and culture
Is it a child-friendly place?
Yes, very much so
ok, Any thing else?
There is another Museum, the Chihuly Garden and Glass
Is the entrance free?
yes, it is
ok, Get me a regular cab for 2 people
Please confirm: Book a ride to the Chihuly Garden and Glass for 2 regular seats
Yes, thats right. what the ETA to me and the cost?
Its booked. The ETA is 3 minutes and costs $31.52
Thanks for your help
anything else for today?
No, that would be it
have a good day!
What will the weather in Ciudad de Mexico be on the the 7th.
The temperature on that day will be 93 Fahrenheit with a 6 percent chance of rain.
What will the humidity be like?
The humidity will be 24 percent.
How windy will it be?
The wind speed will be an average of 5 miles per hour.
Ok. And what are some nearby attractions?
Acuario Inbursa is a nearby Nature Preserve.
Can I have their direct line?
Their number is 55 5395 4586.
Great. I will also need a cab to go there.
Would you like a pool or luxury ride or something else?
A regular ride is fine.
How many seats do you need?
There will be 2 in our group.
Please confirm you want a regular cab ride to Acuario Inbursa for 2.
Actually a pool ride will be fine.
Please confirm you request a pool ride for 2.
Yes. How long before the cab gets here and how much is the total?
The cab is on its way and will arrive in 9 minutes. The total is $16.05.
Great. Thanks. That's all.
Please enjoy your day.
What is the weather forecast March 1st?
Where are you checking?
Seattle.
Seattle has a 32 percent chance of showers with an average temperature of 74.
Nice, what are local attractions.
One of 10 found is a Tourist Attraction known as the Brandon Lee and Bruce Lee's Grave Site.
Would this place be acceptable for children and if so what is the phone number.
It is safe for young ones. You can reach them at 206-322-1582.
I would like a cab ride there.
How many people for the ride?
Just one.
Do you have a ride type preference?
Just a regular ride is fine.
I understand I am booking a Regular ride for 1 to Brandon Lee and Bruce Lee's Grave Site.
That's right. What is the ride charge? How much time do I have.
You have 5 minutes. Th ride charge is $14.77.
Thank you very much.
Do you need further assistance?
I'm all set, thanks.
My pleasure. Have a good one.
Can you check the weather of San Francisco on March 14th?
The expected average temperature is 93 degrees Fahrenheit for the day with 12 percent chances of rain,
Okay. Can you find me some tourist spots there?
There is a Historical Landmark called Alcatraz.
Okay. Can you find me a cab to there?
Which type of ride like Pool or Luxury or anything else do you prefer?
Find me a luxury ride for 2 people.
Please confirm: You want me to book a luxury ride for 2 people to Alcatraz.
Yes, That is correct.
Your ride has been booked successfully and the cab is on the way.
Thank you for all your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
NO. That will be all. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day.
I need to check the weather.
In which city?
Check Phoenix, AZ please.
The average temperature for today is 89 degrees Farenheit and there is a 15 percent chance of rain.
Okay, Find me some attractions please.
I found 10, the first is Arizona Capitol Museum.
Great can you find me a cab for one?
Pool or regular?
I want a regular please.
Arizona Capitol Museum for 1, regular. Is that correct?
Yes, that is correct. How much?
I booked your ride, it is $12.75.
Thank you for your help.
Can I do anything else for you?
No, that's all thanks.
Have a great day.
We friends are planning for a outing in Philadelphia. Is the weather there is suitable?
Average temperature there is 81 degree fahrenheit and there is 8 percent chance of shower.
Ok, is there any apt places to visit?
Art Museum Steps is a great Tourist attraction there.
Will children enjoy the place? Is there any entry fee?
You will have free entry and place is child-friendly.
I need a cab to reach there for 1 person.
What ride are you looking for Regular or Pool
I need a Luxury ride.
Ok, You demanded 1 seat at Art Museum Steps on Luxury ride. right.
No, make it for 2 people.
Ok, please verify, you need 2 seats in Luxury ride.
Yes, that's right.
Your cab is read and will be there in short time.
Great, thank you.
Any other help you need?
No, that's all.
Have a great day.
I'm going on a trip to Washington on 1st of March. Can you check what the weather is that day?
Looks like the average will be 75 degree Fahrenheit with a 13 percent chance of rain.
Cool. Can you look up some child-friendly attractions there, like a museum perhaps?
Sure, I found 10 attractions you might like. There is a museum called Dumbarton Oaks Museum.
What's their phone number and is it free?
No, it's not free. You can call them at 202-339-6401.
Ok, what else did you find? I'd like to see a historical spot, and preferably something that is free.
There is a Historical Landmark called National Academy of Sciences. How about that?
What else is there?
Petersen House is another Historical Landmark you might like.
Ok, I'll go for that one. Can you book me a cab there?
Sure, with how many seats?
Just 1 person, me. I'd prefer a car pool ride if possible.
Sure. To confirm, you'd like to book 1 seat on a Pool cab to Petersen House. Is that right?
Yes, that's fine. What's the cost and when will it be here?
I've booked your cab ride. It'll cost $16.95 and it will be here in 3 minutes.
Great, thank you.
Anything else I can do?
No, thank you.
Have a good day.
Check for me please the weather in Nairobi on March 14th
For the day the average temperature should be 93 degrees Fahrenheit and 0 percent of rain.
I see!Thanks.
Something else would you like to know?
Find me some attractions that is child-friendly.A wildlife spot will be good.
A Nature Preserve is Giraffe Centre you should check.
Is the entry here free? Tell me their contact number.
No is not free.20 891078 is the phone contact number.
Great.Get me a cab there if you can please.
Tell me the type of ride.You want to be a Regular or Luxury or something else?
I am in a group of 1 and I would like to be a Regular ride.
You want a ride to Giraffe Centre and you need 1 seats.Your preference is to be a regular ride.Is that okay?
Yes,good.Tell me how much will cost.
Your ride is booked and the cab is on its way.The ride is cost $13.62.
Thank you for everything. That's what I needed!
Have a great day!
What is the weather like in New York City today?
The forecast for today is an average temperature of 66 degrees Fahrenheit with a 37 percent chance of rain showers.
Okay. What are some attractions in New York City?
I have a list of 10 attractions that you might be interested in. The first is a Performing Arts Venue. It is the 92nd Street Y.
That sounds interesting. What about a park or a garden?
There is a nice park, Astoria Park.
That sounds good. I need a cab to Astoria Park.
How many people will be in the cab?
There are 3 of us and we would like a Luxury ride if it's available.
Please confirm the following: You need a luxury cab for 3 people, going to Astoria Park.
Yes, that's what we need.
The cab has been reserved and is on it's way. It should be arriving within 35 minutes.
Great. That sounds perfect. Thanks.
May I help you find anything else?
No, not right now. Thanks.
Enjoy your visit to Astoria Park.
I need to know what the weather will be like on March 6th.
What city should I check?
Delhi, India.
The average temperature should be 93 degrees with a 0% chance of rain.
Thanks, can you show me some attractions there.
I found 10 attractions. Adventure Island is a Theme Park, you should check it out!
Great, Can you get me a pool cab there for 2 people?
Please confirm the following: Pool ride to adventure island for 2 people.
Actually I would prefer a regular ride.
Please confirm the following: Regular Ride to Adventure Island for 2 people.
Yes, how long until the ride gets here.
Your ride is confirmed. The cab is expected in 6 minutes.
Thanks, that is all.
Have a great day!
What will the weather be like in Vacaville on the March 10th?
The average temperature will be around 89 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 26 percent chance of rain.
How humid will it be?
The humidity will be around 36 percent.
Thanks, how about the weather in New York City on March 4th?
It'll be around 59 degrees with a 22 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be?
The average wind speed in predicted to be 8 miles per hour.
Thanks a lot.
No worries, anything else?
Can you find me some child-friendly attractions there?
Sure, there are 10 attractions that you might like. I recommend the American Folk Art Museum.
Thanks, is there anything else?
There's also the American Museum of Natural History.
Cool, what's their phone number?
It's (212) 769-5100.
Thanks, any other attractions?
There's Apollo Theater, it's a performing arts venue.
Thanks! Can you get me a cab there?
Sure. What kind of ride would you like, Pool, Luxury, or something else? How many seats do you need?
I need four seats, I'd like a pool ride thanks.
Great, please confirm that you'd like 4 seats in a pool ride to Apollo Theater.
No, actually, a Luxury ride for one would be better.
Okay, 1 seat in a Luxury ride.
Yes, that's correct. How much will it cost? How long should I wait for the cab to get here?
It'll cost $15.96 and it'll be there in around 10 minutes.
Thanks so much.
That's okay, anything else?
No, that's all thanks.
Okay, see you.
What is the weather like in San Diego?
An average temperature of 90 degrees Fahrenheit is expected today, with a 1 percent change of rain
Very good. I would like to find an attraction there
There is a Park, Balboa Park
Oh, I like it! I want a cab to go there, a Pool ride for a group of one
1 seats on a Pool ride to Balboa Park: is it correct?
Yes, It's correct, thanks
Your ride is booked, the cab is coming!
Thank you so much!
Do you need anything else?
No, It's all for now. Thanks
Have a nice day
I'd like to know the weather in Nairobi.
There is an average of 105 degrees Fahrenheit with a 0 chance of rain.
How humid will it be? And is it going to be windy at all?
There is 15 percent humidity and the wind speed is 7 miles per hour.
I see. And what about the March 10th?
There is an average temperature of 95 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
Excellent. Are there any attractions you can recommend to me?
There are 3 attractions I think you might be interested in. One of which is the Giraffe Centre, which is a local Nature Preserve.
Can you tell me the phone number? And is there an entrance fee?
The phone number is 20 891078, and there is no entrance fee.
Great. Are there any other attractions that you can recommend? Perhaps something child-friendly.
I was able to locate 2 attractions that you might enjoy. There is the Karura Forest, which is a Nature Preserve.
Excellent. I'd like a cab there for one person. Preferably a Pool ride.
To confirm: You like a cab for 1 person to the Karura Forest and prefer a Pool ride, correct?
Yes, that's perfect
You cab is confirmed and on its way.
Thank you so much for all of your help.
Enjoy your day.
Can you please tell me the weather in Mexico City?
The average temperature today should be around 102 degrees Fahrenheit. There is 0 chance of rain.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Is there anything else?
Yeah, can you tell me about some child-friendly attractions there?
There's the famous nature preserve, Acuario Inbursa.
Okay fantastic, can you book me a cab there?
Do you have a preferred type of ride?
I'd like a luxury car to take me there, thanks.
Okay, how many seats?
Just 1, thanks.
Okay, please confirm that you'd like to book 1 seat in a luxury vehicle to Acuario Inbursa.
No, actually, I'm in a group of four.
Okay, you'd like 4 seats to Acuario Inbursa.
Yes, that's correct.
Okay, I've booked your cab and it's on the way.
Okay, thanks.
Is there anything else?
No, that's all thanks.
Okay, see you.
I would like to check the weather.
Which city would you like a forecast for?
I need the weather for Anaheim, CA.
The average temperature for the day should be around 78 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 29 percent chance of rain.
Okay, can you show me some attractions there? I would like something that is child-friendly.
Cars Land is a tourist attraction that lines up with what you are looking for.
Is entry to this attractions free? Can I get their phone number?
Unfortunately, entry is not free. Their phone number is 714-781-4565.
Okay, great. Can I get a cab to take me there?
Certainly, how many seats do you need?
I am with a group of 3 people.
Do you have a preference on the type of ride?
I would prefer a pool ride.
Please confirm: You would like a pool ride for 3 to Cars Land. Is that correct?
No. I actually only need seats for two.
Please confirm your revised details: You would like a ride to Cars Land and you need 2 seats.
Yes that works great for me. How long until the cab will arrive?
Your ride has been booked and the cab is on its way. You can expect it to arrive in 9 minutes.
Great, thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that will be all. Thanks again for your help.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day.
I would like to check the weather in Phoenix on March 8th.
The average temperature for that day should be 77 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 15 percent chance of rain.
Okay. Can you show me the attractions there?
There are 10 attractions that may interest you. You could check out a Museum like the Arizona Capitol Museum.
Is the entrance to this attraction free?
No, entry is not free.
Is this place child-friendly and what is their phone number?
No, this place is not good for kids. Their phone number is 602-926-3620.
Nice, are there any other attractions you found?
You could check another Museum called the Arizona Science Center.
Cool, is there anything else? Something without an entry fee.
There are 6 attractions that suit your preferences. You could check out the Theme Park called Castles N' Coasters.
Okay, sounds good Can you get me a cab there?
Do you have any preferred type of ride? How many seats will you need?
I want the Luxury ride for a group of 1.
Please confirm these details: You want a Luxury ride for 1 seat to Castles N' Coasters.
No, I want a Regular ride for a group of three.
Please confirm these details: You need a Regular ride for 3 seats.
Yes, that is perfect.
I have booked your ride and the cab is coming.
Thank you for the help.
May I help with anything else?
No, thank you very much for the help.
Have a great day!
Can you tell me the weather forecast in Delhi, India on the Monday next week?
The temperature for that day is expected to be 97 degrees with an 8 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be?
The wind is expected to be around 3 miles per hour.
How humid will it be?
The humidity will be about 18 percent.
Okay, can you tell me some attractions there?
You might like Adventure Island which is a theme park.
Okay great. Any other attractions?
There is also Akshardham which is a place of worship.
What's their phone number? Is it free to get in?
Yes, there's no fee to get in. The phone number is 11 4344 2344.
Okay that sounds good. Can you find me a cab to get there? There's four of us and we'd like a luxury ride.
Let's confirm the details: You are booking a luxury ride for 4 to Akshardham.
Yes, that's it. How much will it cost?
The cab is booked and on its way. The ride is $43.64.
Thanks for your help. That's all for now.
Have a great day!
What is the forecast for the weather?
Can you be more specific? Which city do you want the forecast for?
Please tell me the weather for Eldridge on the March 12th.
On March 12th 2019, the average temperature will be 74 degrees Fahrenheit with a 14 percent change of rain.
What will the humidity be like that day?
The humidity for the 12th will hover around 17 percent.
What about the wind? Will it be breezy on that day?
The average speed for the wind should be around 3 miles per hour.
Okay enough about that city. Tell me the forecast for Toronto, Ontario for March 9th.
It will be 67 degrees Fahrenheit with a 0 percent chance of rain in Toronto on March the 9th.
Seems like the weather will be nice. Can you tell me about some attractions in Toronto?
Would you be interested in the Tourist Attraction known as 3D Toronto sign?
Yes I certainly would be interested in that.
How else can I assist you today?
I need a ride there. Please make sure that it is Luxury transportation.
What number of seats will you require for your transportation?
It will be just 2 of us.
You wish to ride to the 3D Toronto sign in Luxury transportation for 2 people. Is this correct? If so, please confirm now.
That's exactly right. When will the cab be here and how much will it cost?
The cab is on the way now and should arrive in approximately 8 minutes. The transportation to your destination will total $48.62.
That sounds like everything is set up then. That's all the help I need.
Enjoy your trip and have a wonderful day.
I need to check on the weather in London on the the 9th.
The average temperature for the day should be 90 degrees Fahrenheit. There will be a 5 percent chance of rain.
Sure, alright. Can you show me any attractions there?
There are 10 attractions that may interest you. You should visit 30 St Mary Axe (The Gherkin). This is a Historical Landmark.
Okay, sounds good. Can you find be a cab to get me there?
What type of ride do you prefer? You can choose from Luxury, Regular, or anything else. How many seats do you need?
I would prefer a Pool ride for a group of 1.
Please confirm the details: You want a Pool ride for 1 that will go to 30 St Mary Axe (The Gherkin).
Yes, that seems good to me.
I have book the ride and the cab is on the way.
How much does it cost and how long before the cab reaches here?
The ride will cost $6.74. It will take 4 minutes.
Thank you very much for the help.
May I help with anything else?
No, thank you for the help.
Have a great day.
I would like to check the weather at NYC on March 9th.
The average temperature for the day should be around 70 degrees Fahrenheit. There is 38 percent chance for rain.
Yeah, sure. Can you help me to find any kind of attraction that would be cool there?
Yeah, sure. How about Performing Arts Venue check out at 92nd street Y.
Is there entrance is free?
No, the entry fee is applicable.
Okay, fine.
Anything else I could assist you with?
Can You get a cab to take me there?
Sure, What kind of ride would prefer to have and for how many peoples? You can take Luxury or Regular or anything else which you preferred.
I would like to have Regular ride with one seat.
Please confirm the following details for the reservation of the Regular with 1 seat to 92nd Street Y.
Yeah, that's works for me. Can you send the details of the cab arrival time and cost for the ride?
I ride is booked successfully and the cab is on its way. It is expected to be arrive in 2 minutes and the cost of the ride is $16.45.
Thanks a lot for your help, that's all I need.
Have a wonderful day.
What's the weather forecast in Delhi for the March 11th?
The average temperature for the day will be 103 degrees Fahrenheit. There's a 7 percent chance of rain.
Okay. What attractions are in Delhi? I'd like to visit a museum.
I have 3 places you might like. You might try Gandhi Smriti. That's a museum.
Okay. Sounds good. Can you get me a cab? There are 2 of us and we prefer a pool ride.
Please confirm: You would like 2 seats on a ride to Gandhi Smriti. You prefer a pool ride.
Actually, change that. There's just one person and I prefer a luxury ride.
Okay, please confirm this change: you are seeking 1 seat on a luxury ride.
Yes, that's correct.
I have booked your ride. The cab is on its way.
How much will that be?
The ride will cost $29.93.
Thanks, that's all I needed.
Have a great day.
I want to check the weather Condition for which I need your help.
Do you have any choice of City to check it?
Yes, check it for Atlanta on March 11th.
The average temperature will be 87 degrees Fahrenheit on that day and there will be a 0 percent of chance for rain.
Okay. I need to search for some interesting places to visit there like a Historical spot. Can you search the one for me which should be a child-friendly.
Found 2 for your selection and the one at King Jr Martin Luther- Birth Home is the nice one to you which is also a Historical Landmark.
That is okay. But I want the places like Museum, can you find it?
Yes, What about a Museum named Atlanta History Center?
Let me decide. I need their contact number. and please check whether the entrance will be free there.
No, entrance is not free and the phone number is 404-814-4000.
Okay, please check with some other places.
What about a Museum named Bodies The Exhibition?
This is perfect I think. Please book a Cab for me to visit there.
What type of ride you want and to how many person do I book the Cab?
I need it for 1 person with Pool Ride.
Please confirm to book a Cab with Pool ride for 1 person to Bodies The Exhibition.
Please book it for Luxury ride. I feel this will be comfortable to me.
Please confirm to book a Cab with Luxury ride for 1 person to Bodies The Exhibition.
Yes, that is correct. Also I need to know the cost and time for that ride.
I have booked the Cab and it will reach you within 12 minutes. Cost for the same is $20.95. Is that information useful.
Yes, thanks for the same.
Anything else?
No, not for now.
Have a good day.
Alright, let's see the weather on March 3rd in London, UK
It's going to be 88 degrees with a 29 percent chance of rain
And the humidity?
It'll be around 66 percent
How windy will it be?
It's gonna average around 2 miles per hour wind speed
OK, let's find some child-friendly attractions
OK, you should check out 30 St Mary Axe (The Gherkin), it's a popular Historical Landmark
OK, but maybe something else might be better, something free. A Place of Worship is ok.
A place of worship? How about All Saints, Margaret Street?
What's their number
It's 20 7636 1788
OK good, get me a luxury cab there please
OK, how many people?
It's just me, the one
OK 1 Luxury ride to All Saints, Margaret Street?
Actually make that a Regular ride so it's cheaper
So 1 regular ride to All Saints, Margaret Street?
Yes that's great.
I booked it and it's on the way.
Thanks so much, that's all
Cool, enjoy All Saints!
I would like to check the weather.
Which city should I look in?
Check Kuala Lumpur.
It should be 102 degrees fahrenheit on average with an 8 percent chance of rain.
How will the weather be on March 4th?
It should be about 87 degrees fahrenheit on average and there is 8 percent chance of rain.
What will the wind and humidity be like?
The wind is 8 miles per hour and the humidity is around 29 percent.
Could you show me some attractions from there?
You should check out the park 99 Wonderland Park.
Does the attraction cost anything? What is the phone number?
The entrance is free. The phone number is 12-559 9034.
Okay, wonderful. Could you get me a cab there?
Is any type of preferred type of ride?
I want a regular ride.
How many seats do you need?
I would like a luxury ride for four people.
Could you confirm that you want a ride to 99 Wonderland Park for 4 in a luxury ride?
That sounds good. What will the total be?
Your ride has been booked. It will cost $50.88.
When will the taxi get here?
It should get there in about 7 minutes.
Thank you for your help.
Could I help with something else?
No, that is all.
Have a great day.
What will the weather be like in Moraga on next Tuesday?
The average daytime temperature will be around 77 degrees and there is a 6 percent chance of rain.
How about the humidity?
The humidity should be around 24 percent.
Will it be windy?
The average wind speed should be 1 mile per hour.
What will the weather like be in Vancouver on March 2nd?
The average daytime temperature will be around 67 degrees and there is a 49 percent chance of rain.
Okay great. Are there any attractions such as a Museum there?
There is a Museum called the Museum of Vancouver.
That's great. Is there anything else to see there?
There is another Museum called Science World at TELUS World of Science.
Cool. Is there anything else?
You could visit a Museum called the Vancouver Art Gallery.
Is this a free attraction?
No. An entrance fee applies.
What is the phone number and is it a good place to take children?
It's perfect for children. You can call them on 604-662-4700.
Perfect. Can you arrange a cab to take me there?
What kind of ride would you like to take and for how many people? For example you can take a Regular or Luxury ride.
There will be three people travelling and I'd prefer a Pool ride.
Okay so you would like a Pool ride to Vancouver Art Gallery for 3 people.
That's correct. How much will the ride cost.
Your cab has been booked and should be with you shortly. The total cost will be $12.66.
Thanks for your help. I don't need anything else.
Enjoy your day.
What's the weather going to be like in Toronto, Canada on March 12th?
In Toronto, it'll be an average of 64 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent change of rain.
Is it going to be windy?
The average wind speed is going to be around 12 miles per hour.
And how humid will it be?
Humidity levels are going to be around 15 percent.
I see. Do you have any recommendations for child-friendly attractions in Toronto?
If I were you, I'd check out the 3D Toronto sign, it's a really popular Tourist Attraction.
Is admission free? And what number could I reach them at?
Admission is not free, unfortunately. You can reach them at 416-392-2489.
Got it, thanks. Could you book me a cab there?
Sure thing! What type of ride would you like? And how many seats will you need?
I'd like a Luxury ride, and I only need 1 seat.
So just to confirm: you'd like a Luxury ride for 1 to the 3D Toronto sign. Is that right?
Right! When will the cab be here? And how much does the ride cost?
The cab is on its way now. It should be here in about 14 minutes and will cost $24.33.
Okay, great! Thank you for your help!
Of course! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all, thank you.
Have a great time at the 3D Toronto sign!
Can you tell me what the weather in Santa Clara will be on March 5th?
There is an average of 88 degrees Fahrenheit with a 25 percent of rain.
And what are the humidity levels?
There is around 44 percent humidity.
But how windy will it be?
There is an average wind speed of 5 miles per hour.
Can you also check the weather in Paris, France for March 10th?
There is an average of 80 degrees Fahrenheit with a 2 percent chance of rain
Excellent. Can you recommend any local attractions?
I was able to locate 10 attractions for you. You should visit the American Church in Paris. A local Place of Worship.
Cool. Can you secure a cab for me there? A Regular ride will do.
How many passengers will be riding?
There will be two of us.
To confirm: You'd like a Regular cab for 2 passengers to the American Church in Paris, correct?
No. I'd like a Pool ride for just one person instead.
To confirm: There will be 1 passenger for a Pool ride, correct?
Yes, that's perfect. How much will the ride cost, and how long will it take us to get there?
Your cab has been confirmed and is on it's way. The cost of the ride is $9.91 and should only take 8 minutes.
Thank you or all of your help.
Enjoy your day.
I would like to check the weather.
Where would you like to check the weather for?
I want to know the weather in Los Angeles.
It'll be 76 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 28 percent chance of rain.
Awesome. Could you show me some attractions there? I'd like to find some Tourist Attraction.
One Tourist Attraction you might like is the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Is it free and child-friendly?
Yes, it's free and child-friendly.
Awesome. Could you get me a cab there?
What kind of ride would you like and how many seats do you need? You could take Luxury or Regular or any other kinds of rides.
I would like a Pool ride for one.
Please confirm the following: You would like a ride to the Hollywood Walk of Fame in a Pool ride for 1 person.
Yes, that would be great.
I have booked your ride and it's on its way.
Thanks so much! That's all for now.
Have a great day!
Check for me the weather please.
In what city are you interested?
I would like to know in Anaheim.
For the day the average temperature should be 78 degrees Fahrenheit and 29 percent chance of rain.
I understand. But in Sacramento?
For the day the average temperature should be 82 degrees Fahrenheit and 26 percent chance of rain.
All right, thanks.
With something else I can help you?
I am interested in finding some attractions.I prefer to be child-friendly without an entry fee.I search for a Theme Park.
I have found for you 1 attractions which you might like.A theme Park at Fairytale Town.
Can you tell me their phone number?
916-808-5233 it's the phone number.
It's okay.Find me please if you can a cab there.
What is the type of ride that you prefer and how many seats do you need.You prefer to take a Pool or Luxury or something else?
I would like a Pool ride and I am in a group of one.
1 seat for the ride to Fairytale Town and prefer a Pool ride.Is that correct?
yes perfect.How long will take to reach the cab?
Book was made and the cab is on its way.Is expected to arrive in 9 minutes.
Thank you. That was all.
Have a great day!
COuld you tell me the weather in fresno, CA?
Today's temperature should be 72 degrees fahrenheit, and there's a 2% chance of rain.
Awesome. Could you show me some attractions? Preferably something child friendly without an entry fee?
How about the christmas tree lane? It's a tourist attraction.
Could you find me a cab to go there?
HOw many seats would you need?
i'd like two seats on a luxury ride please.
please confirm: You'd like a luxury cab ride for 2 to go to the Christmas tree lane?
Yup, works for me.
Alright, the cab is en route.
THank you, that's all I need
have a great day.
Can you look up what the weather will be like in Fresno on March 4th?
Of course: It will be 92 degrees Fahrenheit on March 4th with an 18 percent chance of rain.
Is it going to be humid.
Let's see: the humidity will be 19 percent.
Alright, that isn't too bad, I guess. What's there to do there?
There's a tourist attraction on Christmas Tree Lane.
Can you get me a car pool there?
How many people?
It's a group of four, I just want a standard, regular ride.
Alright, so you'd like a regular ride for 4 people to Christmas Tree Lane?
Actually, it's a group of 2, I just got a cancellation here.
So you'd like 2 seats for a regular ride to your destination?
Yeah, great.
Alright, the cab is on it's way.
That's everything now, thanks.
Have a safe trip.
What will the weather be like March 11th?
Where would you like the weather checked?
Anaheim, CA weather, please.
There will be an 11% chance of showers with an average temperature of 70.
I am also looking for attractions.
The Angel Stadium of Anaheim is a Sports Venue.
What are my other choices?
One Tourist Attraction is Cars Land.
I need a cab to get there.
Are you looking for a Luxury ride or a Pool.
A Luxury ride for 2.
I am understanding a Luxury ride for 2 to Cars Land.
Yes,how much time before the ride arrives?
The ride will be here in 9 minutes.
What is the ride charge?
$41.75 is the cost.
You're such a great help, thanks.
Do you need further assistance?
I am all set.
Enjoy your day.
What is the expected weather on March 8th in Sacramento, CA?
The average temperature is 85 degrees with a 21 percent chance of rain.
Cool, can you show me some stuff to do there?
There is the California Automobile Museum. It is a well-known museum.
Awesome, anything else?
You could also visit the California Museum. It is another interesting museum.
That would be cool, but I need a cab to get there.
Do you have a preferred cab?
I need a luxury ride for four people.
Please confirm, 4 people in a luxury ride to the California Museum.
Yes, that is corect.
Your ride is booked an on its way!
Thank you for your help.
Anything else today?
No, that is all.
Have a nice time!
I'm thinking about visiting Montara on March 11th. What's the weather like then?
The weather is estimated to be 86 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 17 percent chance of rain.
I see. How will it be in Philly on March 4th?
It should roughly be 78 degrees Fahrenheit, with an 8 percent chance of rain.
How about the humidity?
The humidity will be about 30 percent.
And how about the windiness?
The wind speed should roughly be 1 mile per hour.
Okay, that's feasible weather. Is there a child-friendly, free museum in the area?
Yes there is. One museum that meets your needs is the Benjamin Franklin Museum.
Ben Franklin certainly was an interesting person. I'd like you to get me a cab to the museum. I'm the only one in my group.
Okay, I can do that. Do you want a pool ride, a regular ride, or something different?
A pool ride sounds best.
So you want a pool ride for 1 to the Benjamin Franklin Museum?
That's all good. How much time before the cab gets here?
I booked the ride for you. The cab should be here in about 8 minutes.
Thanks for helping me out!
Can I help you with anything else?
Not now. Thanks.
Enjoy your day! I hope the museum is an interesting experience for you.
What is the weather forecast March 12th in Sacramento?
A 14% chance of showers with an average temperature of 92.
I see.
Do you need any other information?
Yes, is there a local Museum?
One of 5 found is a Museum called the California Automobile Museum.
I need a ride there.
Would you like Luxury or Pool type ride?
A Regular cab is fine.
How many will be in your party?
Just one rider.
I will set a Regular ride for 1 to the California Automobile Museum if you like.
That will work. What is the charge? How much time do I have?
You have 7 minutes. The charge is $17.74.
Awesome. I'm going to get ready.
Have fun.
I want to see what the weather will be like on the March 12th.
Sure. Where do you want to check the weather?
Please look up the weather for the District of Columbia.
The temperature should be 80 degrees on average and there is a 9 percent chance of it raining.
Okay, cool. Are there any attractions there that are kid-friendly? I would prefer something free.
I've found 10 attractions that might interest you. First on the list is the 56 Signers of the Declaration of Independence Memorial. This is classified as a Nature Preserve.
Sure. What's the number for this place?
Their contact number is 202-426-6841.
Okay. Is there anything else like a Museum?
There's the International Spy Museum. It's quite a great Museum.
What's their phone number?
Their contact number is 202-393-7798.
Alright. I'll also need a cab to get there.
Sure. Do you have a preference on the type of ride and how many seats do you need?
I'd like a Regular ride for a group of three.
To be clear, you want a Regular ride to the International Spy Museum for a group of 3.
That is correct. When will the cab arrive and how much will it cost?
I've booked your cab ride. It will cost $39.82 and will arrive in 4 minutes.
Thank you so much.
Is there anything else you need?
No, that will be all.
Have a great day!
What would the weather be like in Toronto on the 3rd of this month?
It would be 65 degrees Fahrenheit with 58 percent chance of rain.
How windy would it be?
11 miles per hour.
Ok, then. What attractions are there?
There are 10 suitable attractions. There is a tourist attraction called 3D toronto sign.
That's fine, but is there anything else?
How about a museum? There is the aga khan museum.
Are there a museum?
There is a museum called the Art gallery of ontario that might interest you.
Is there an entrance fee?
Yes, there is a charge.
Is there a contact number? Is it a fun place for kids?
No, it is not suitable for kids. The number is 877-225-4246
That would be fine. I need a cab for one.
Would you like a regular or pool ride?
I want a luxury ride.
You want a luxury ride for 1 to the art gallery of ontario?
That would be fine. What is the cost? How much time again do I have to wait for the cab to arrive?
The cab would be here in 14 minutes and costs $28.26
Thanks very much.
Is there anything else you need assistance with?
No, I appreciate your help.
Enjoy your day.
Please check the weather for Toronto, Ontario on March 8th.
It should be around 67 degrees with a 6 percent chance of rain.
Sure, that is cool.
Anything else today?
I would like to visit a museum there.
Check out Aga Khan Museum. It is a well-known museum in the area.
Cool, I will need a cab to get there. Please find me a pool ride for one person.
Please confirm, 1 seat on a pool ride to the Aga Khan Museum.
Yes, that is correct.
The cab is on the way.
Thank you, that is all.
Have a nice time!
I need you to check the weather for me in Antioch on March 6th
Today's average temperature is 72 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 7 percent chance of rain
What about humidity? Is it windy?
Humidity is 23 percent and wind' speed is 9 miles per hour.
Okay, now tell me the same parameters in Seattle, WA on the 3rd of this month
Temperature is around 73 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 49 percent of probability that it will rain
Okay now look for some fun for me and my kids, a garden would be perfect.
There' s a park that you and your kids may like, it's the Gas Works Park
We'll see it if you can find a cab to go there
Do you have any preferences like Pool, Luxury or whatever? How many seats in total?
Pool is fine and look for two spots
Confirm me the next action. You want me to book a Pool ride for 2 to reach Gas Works Park
Yes, it's correct.
The ride is on its way to you.
Thank you, you made my day
Is there anything else you want to ask me?
No, I'll be leaving soon, I got to go now.
Enjoy the park. Bye
What's the weather supposed to be like on March 5th?
What city will you be in?
Chicago.
There will be a 28 percent chance of rain, but the average temperature for the day should be 71 degrees.
Will it be windy?
The average wind speed will be about 5 miles per hour.
What about the humidity, what will that be like?
It will be around 40 percent that day.
Okay, cool, can you show me some attractions there?
There is this tourist attraction call 360 CHICAGO, you should check it out.
Is it free? And would you say this place is child-friendly?
Yes, it is free and its a good spot to take your kids too!
Great, Can you get me a cab to take me there?
Which kind of ride would you like better, Regular, or Pool? Also, How many seats do you want?
I prefer a regular for a group of 1.
So, you want a 1 seat, regular ride to 360 CHICAGO, correct?
Yep, that works.
I got everything set up and booked, and the cab is on its way.
Thanks a bunch!
Anything else I can help you with right now?
No. Thanks.
Have a wonderful day!
I need to see the weather in Ross
It's 79 degrees with a 14% chance of rain right now.
How about in Nairobi, Kenya on the the 6th
It's hot! 89 Degrees with a 1% chance of rain
What can I do over there?
There are 3 attractions you might like, for example there's a neat Nature Preserve Giraffe Centre
Cool, what else is there?
How about another Nature Preserve called the Karura Forest
Cool, what else can you find for me?
Nairobi National Park is a popular Nature Preserve people like to visit
OK, get me a luxury cab to that venue
How many seats
Just 1 thanks
1 seat to Nairobi National Park in a luxury vehicle yes?
Yes exactly right
I booked it and it's on the way
OK cool thanks
What else can I do?
Nothing else, that's all for now
Great, just buzz me if you need something else
What's the weather like in Fresno?
It's gonna be 72 degrees with a 2% chance of rain
Noted on that. Can you find me some attractions to visit there?
There's a cool tourist attraction called Christmas Tree Lane that you might like?
I see, what else?
There's a great Historical Landmark called the Forestiere Underground Gardens
Nice, let's do that. Find me a cab there
OK, what kind of ride, and for how many passengers?
Just a regular ride for 1 please
OK so a regular ride for 1 to Forestiere Underground Gardens?
Actually let's make that a luxury ride for 2
OK so 2 Luxury seats instead?
Yes that's right. How much is it and how long till it gets here?
It's booked! It'll be there in 12 minutes and cost you $23.00
Thanks for your help
Sure, what else can I do?
Nothing else, that's all
Great, enjoy the Forestiere Underground Gardens
Can you please check the weather for Vegas on the 13th?
The average temperature for the day is 73 Fahrenheit with 14 percent chance of rain.
Perfect. Can you find me some free Tourist Attraction there?
There's 1 Tourist Attraction that matches your criteria, namely SlotZilla Zip Line.
Perfect. Can you get a cab for me to this destination?
Sure. For how many people?
Just one, me.
Do you want a specific ride type?
If possible, I'd like a Luxury ride.
Can you please confirm that you need 1 seat on a Luxury ride to Slotzilla Zip Line?
Yes, that's correct.
Your cab is booked and on its way.
Thanks a lot for everything.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, not at the moment. Thanks so much!
Have a great one!
I'd like to check the weather in Sunol.
The average weather is 92 degrees F with a 12 % chance of rain.
How about ATL on March 14th?
The average temperature is 86 degrees F with a 1 % chance of rain.
How humid will it be?
The humidity is 16 % about.
What about on the next Wednesday?
The average temperature is 87 degrees F with a 25 % chance of rain.
Sure that would be great. I need things to do.
What types of activities are you interested in?
I'm looking at doing Sports.
The event will be Falcons Vs Buccaneers at Mercedes-Benz Stadium.
That is great. I'd like to buy tickets there.
How many tickets do I need?
I would like one ticket.
Please confirm 1 ticket for the Falcons Vs Buccaneers in Atlanta on March 6th.
That works for me.
The reservation has been made so have fun!
Thanks so much for your help.
Have a wonderful day.
Tell me what the weather is going to be in San Lorenzo on March 6th.
It should be around 77 degrees with a 25 percent chance of rain.
What about humidity and wind?
Humidity is expected to be around 17 percent and the wind should be around 6 miles per hour.
Can you tell me the weather in SF on March 11th?
The temperature should average around 72 degrees with a 7 percent chance of rain.
Can you find me some things to do?
Do you prefer Music, Sports, or any other type of events?
Find me some Games.
Search revealed 6 events. Do you like Giants Vs Cardinals at Oracle Park?
What else do you have?
There is Giants Vs Diamondbacks at Oracle Park.
That works for me.
Do you need something more?
Buy me 1 ticket to the event.
You want 1 ticket to the Giants Vs Diamondbacks game on March 11th in San Francisco. Is that right?
Yes, that is right. What is their address and what time is first pitch?
Your ticket has been ordered. The event location is 24 Willie Mays Plaza and it starts at 6 pm.
Thanks a bunch.
Do you need something more?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
Hi, I need to check the weather at Rohnert Park, on 3rd of March.
The average Temperature for that day is 75 degrees Fahrenheit. There is about 23 percent of chance of rain.
Yeah, okay. I am looking for somethings to do.
Do you have any preference for the events like Music or sports or anything else that I could help you find?
I would like to find Music events like Country.
There is event at SOMO Village Event Center, named Aaron Lewis.
yeah, that sounds good for me.
Do you want me to buy tickets for this event?
Yeah, sure.
How many tickets would you like to buy?
I want 3 tickets.
Please confirm the details for booking of 3 tickets for the event Aaron Lewis, on March 3rd at Rohnert Park.
Yeah, that works for me. Give me the details for the event venue and the timing?
Your reservation was made successfully. Have fun there! The Venue is located at 1100 Valley House Drive at 7 pm.
Thanks a lot for your help. That's all I need.
Have a great day.
I want to know the weather.
What city?
Atlanta, Ga please.
The temperature will be 86 degrees Fahrenheit and there is 28 percent chance of rain.
Good. I want to do something.
What do you want?
I want games on March 1st.
I found an event it's United Vs United at Mercedes-Benz Stadium.
That's great.
Will I buy you tickets for this?
Yes please.
How many tickets?
Just four please.
Okay, you want 4 tickets for United Vs United on March 1st at Atlanta. Please confirm.
I want three tickets only.
You want 3 tickets for United Vs United event?
That's excellent!
Reservation done. Enjoy!
Thank you for your help.
Have a good day.
What's the weather in Napa for March 2nd?
The forecast calls for average temperature of 72 degrees for the day. There is a 29 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy?
The average wind speed is forecast at 5 miles per hour.
Okay. What's to do there?
What type of events do you like? You can give me a keyword like music or sports.
I am looking for a concert.
I have 1 event you may like. How about Roy Ayers at Blue Note Napa?
That's good. I would like to buy tickets.
How many tickets would you like?
I want 4 tickets please.
Please confirm: You are booking 4 tickets for Roy Ayers on March 2nd in Napa.
No, sorry, please make that two tickets.
Please confirm: You are booking 2 tickets for Roy Ayers.
Yes, that's correct.
Your reservation has been made. Have fun!
Thanks very much. That's all.
Have a great day.
What's the weather forecast for Portland, OR on the 5th of this month?
The average temperature for the day will be 56 degrees. There is a 12 percent chance of rain.
How humid will it be?
The humidity is about 24 percent.
How windy will it be?
The average wind speed will be 9 miles per hour.
Okay. I need something to do.
What are you interested in?
I am looking for a concert.
How about Bryan Adams at Theater of the Clouds?
Where is that venue located? When is the event?
The venue is located at 1016-1098 North Center Court Street. It starts at 7:30 pm.
That's good. I want to buy tickets for that one.
How many tickets do you want?
Three tickets please.
Please confirm: you are reserving 3 tickets for Bryan Adams, on March 5th, in Portland.
Yes, that's good.
Your reservation has been made. Have fun!
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Have a good day.
What is the weather forecast for LA on March 5th?
The average temperature for the day is forecast to be 87 degrees. There's a 12 percent chance of rain.
Okay. What's there to do?
What type of things are you interested in?
I am interested in games.
The next event will be Dodgers vs Giants at Dodger Stadium.
Okay, cool. I'm also looking for a pop concert. What's on?
How about Girl In Red at The Teragram Ballroom?
What else is happening? How about a jazz event?
I have 1 event you may like. That's Jordan Rakei at the Masonic Lodge at Hollywood Forever.
When does that one start?
That event starts at 6:30 pm.
That's perfect.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I want to buy tickets to that event.
How many did you need?
Just 1 ticket please.
Please confirm these details. You are booking 1 ticket for Jordan Rakei in Los Angeles on March 5th.
No, sorry, please make that 3 tickets.
OK, confirming your update. You are buying 3 tickets for the event on March 5th.
Yes, that's right. Where is the venue for that?
Your tickets have been booked. The venue is located at 5970 Santa Monica Boulevard. Have a great time!
Thanks very much.
Can I help with anything else?
Nope, that's all. Thanks.
Have a good day.
Check weather conditions for March 7th in Vancouver please.
The weather will be about 63 degrees with a 23 percent chance of rain.
What is the wind factor? How humid will it be?
Humidity should be around 11 percent with the wind factor at 13 miles per hour.
I see, I'm trying to find something to do there.
Ok, I can help with that. What are you interested in?
Concert would be nice. I haven't done one in awhile.
Well, i've found 4 events you may be interested in. Starting with Billy Idol at PNE Amphitheatre.
Sounds good to me.
Glad to help. Can I assist further?
I would like to buy two tickets.
Ok, I can help with that. Please confirm you would like to buy 2 tickets to Billy Idol playing Vancouver on March 7th. Is this correct?
Yeah. Go ahead and book.
Great, Your reservation is complete. Have fun at the concert!
I will. Tell me the address please.
The address is 2901 East Hastings Street.
Thanks for that information.
your welcome. Can I help further?
Nope, that was all.
Ok, Have a great day.
Will you check the weather in San Francisco on March 3rd?
Average temperature is 83 degrees Fahrenheit with 27 percent chance of rain.
I am looking for Games. Any Baseball events?
I found 2 events. Giants Vs Nationals at Oracle Park.
What's the address and start time?
24 Willie Mays Plaza at 6 pm.
Anything else?
Giants Vs Rockies at Oracle Park.
Sounds good. Will you buy me tickets?
How many?
Two.
Please confirm 2 tickets for Giants Vs Rockies on March 3rd in San Francisco.
Perfect.
Reservation is complete. Enjoy!
What's the address and start time?
24 Willie Mays Plaza at 5 pm.
Thanks, that's all.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you tell me what the weather will be like on March 2nd in Sacramento?
Sure. The average temperature will be 93 degrees and the chances of rain will be 27 percent.
What about the wind and humidity?
4 mph and 24 percent.
Sounds alright. I want something fun to do.
What kind of activity would you be interested in? Music? Sports? Something else?
Sports. Maybe a soccer game?
There is 1 soccer game: Republic vs Toros at Papa Murphy's Park.
What time does that game begin?
6:30 pm.
What's the address of Papa Murphy's Park?
1600 Exposition Boulevard.
Perfect. Can you get me some tickets?
What number of tickets?
3.
You want 3 tickets to see the Republic vs Toros game in Sacramento on March 2nd?
That's right.
I bought your tickets. Enjoy the game!
Thank you very much. I don't need anything else.
Enjoy your day.
Can you tell me the weather in Yountville?
Sure, the average temperature today is 75 degrees Fahrenheit. There's a 7 percent chance of rain.
Sounds good, can you find me a Music event to go to on the 1st of March?
There's a Todd Rundgren performance at the Napa Valley Performing Arts Center.
That sounds great.
Should I buy your tickets?
Yes, please buy them.
How many would you like?
Just one thanks.
Okay, please confirm that you'd like 1 ticket to Todd Rundgren in Yountville on March 1st.
Yes, that's correct.
Your booking is complete, have fun.
Thanks so much.
No worries, is there anything else?
No, nothing else.
Okay, see you.
What's the forecast for the March 14th?
In which city?
Stanford.
It should be 82 degrees F that day with a 5 % chance of rain.
Any wind?
Just 5 miles per hour.
Ok, I'm looking for something to do.
Do you like music or sports or other events?
Look for games.
I found 1 event. Cardinal vs Ducks at Stanford Stadium.
What kind of event? Where?
Football at 625 Nelson Road.
Sound good.
Do you want tickets?
Yes, I do.
Number?
Just 2.
Please confirm: 2 tickets to Cardinal vs Ducks at Stanford March 14th.
Yes, what time is that?
Your tickets are booked. It's at 6:30 pm.
Thanks.
Anything else?
No,thanks.
Have a nice day.
Can you tell me the weather in ATL on March 1st? I may need to dress differently.
For ATL on March 1st, the average temperature should be 86 degrees with a 28 percent chance of rain.
Okay that's not too bad. Can you suggest good ideas for events that I can take part in?
What type of event would you like to attend? Try saying Music or Sports for example.
I'm in the mood for Games. Search those for me.
There are 2 events that fall into that category. A good event is United Vs United taking place at Mercedes-Benz Stadium.
Oh that sounds perfect for me.
Would you like me to purchase tickets to this event?
Of course. Please purchase the tickets right away.
How many ticket purchases would you like me to make?
Buy four tickets for the United Vs United game.
Tell me if this is correct. You want 4 tickets for the United Vs United game on March 1st in Atlanta?
That's exactly right.
Your reservation has been made and confirmed. Please enjoy your game.
Thank you for all your help.
Do you require any other assistance today?
That will be all for now thanks.
You are quite welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Check for me please the weather on 11th of this month in District of Columbia.
Will be 25 percent chance of rain and average temperature for the day should be 86 degrees Fahrenheit.
Tell me how it will be humidity and wind.
Around 58 percent will be the humidity and average wind speed should be 8 miles per hour.
It's okay for me. Help me find something to do then.
What do you prefer?
I would like to find something in Games.
Nationals Vs Braves is on Nationals Park.
Some events in Baseball you can find me?
I have 2 options for you that you might like.Nationals Vs Diamondbacks is the event and it is at Nationals Park.
When does this begin?
Will start at 5:30 pm
Are others events available?
At Nationals Park is Nationals Vs Rockies.
Sounds perfect,buy for me tickets.
How many tickets would you like to buy?
Four tickets will be good.
Book 4 tickets at Nationals Vs Rockies in Washington D.C. on March 11th.Is it okay for you?
Yes is good.Tell me the location of the venue and when will start.
The reservation was made.You can find it at 1500 South Capitol Street Southeast and is starts at 5:30 pm.Have fun!
Thank you for your help!That's what I wanted now.
Have a nice day!
Can you tell me what the weather will be in Sonoma on the March 12th?
The temperature that day should average 86 degrees with a 15 percent chance of rain.
What about Brisbane on March 8th?
It should average 83 degrees with a 0 percent chance of rain.
I'd also like to go to a concert.
I found 1 event you might like. It's the Star City Music Festival at Brisbane Community Park.
Where is it and what kind of music will they have?
It's a blues event at Brisbane, California 94005, United States.
That sounds good.
Would you like to reserve tickets?
Yes, I'd like to get 2 tickets.
To confirm: You'd like 2 tickets for the Star City Music Festival in Brisbane on March 8th.
That's right. What time does it start?
It starts at 5:30 pm. Your reservations are made, have a great time!
Thanks, that's all I need.
Have a good day.
Could you please check for me the weather in Marshall on march 2nd?
The average temperature should be 84 F with a 14 % chance of rain
Thanks, and what about March 14th?
the average temperature should be 78 F with 15 % chance of rain
Thanks, and what about Vancouver, BC?
The average temperature should be 64 F with 30 % chance of rain
Perfect, thanks
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Could you suggest me things to do please?
Is there something are you interested in?
I'd like to go to something concerned with music
Here is 1 event that may suit you: Beach boys at PNE amphitheatre
That sounds good
Would you like to buy tickets for the event?
Yes, please, I'd like to have tickets
How many tickets do you need?
I need two tickets
Please confirm the following details: 2 tickets for beach boys on march 14th in Vancouver
Yes, that's it. When does the event start?
Your reservation has been successfully confirmed. The event will start at 6:30 pm
Thank you so much, that's all I needed
Have a good day
I need to check the next Wednesday weather please.
Which city do you want to check in?
In San Jose.
The average temp is 87 degrees and there is a 7 percent chance of rain.
Okay, can you find me some games?
I found 1, Cruz Azul Vs Atlas at Avaya Stadium.
Where is it located?
The stadium is at 1145 Coleman Avenue.
That's perfect, I need to purchase a ticket.
How many do you need?
I need 1 ticket.
I have 1 ticket for Cruz Azul Vs Atlas on March 6th in San Jose.
Yes that's perfect.
Your reservation has been made. Have fun!
Thanks for your assistance.
Can I do anything else for you?
No, thank you.
Have a wonderful day.
Please check the weather in LAX for March 10th.
The average temperature for the day is forecast at 91 degrees, with a 10 percent chance of rain.
Okay. I will need something fun to do. Are there any concert events? I prefer country.
I have 1 event you may like. How about Bill Callahan at the Lodge Room?
That sounds good to me. Let's buy tickets.
How many tickets do you want?
Just one ticket, please.
Please confirm: I am booking 1 ticket for Bill Callahan on March 10th in Los Angeles.
Yes, that's perfect.
Your reservation has been made. Have a great time!
When does the event start?
It starts at 6:30 pm.
Thanks, that's all I needed.
Have a good day.
I want to know how the weather is in Seattle, WA
From what I can see the temperature for the day will be at an average of 74 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 32 percent chance of raining.
Alright, fine. I also want to find things which I can do.
Do you have a specific kind of event in mind? It can be an event of Music or Sports or something else.
I usually enjoy Music events.
There are 2 events which match what you want. One of the events is Cody Johnson at Flamingo Lot.
Are there other events which I might enjoy? More specifically I am looking for Sports events, especially I like Baseball events.
There are 7 events which you might like. One of the events is the match of Mariners Vs Angels at T-Mobile Park.
That seems nice to me.
Would you like booking tickets for this event?
Actually yes, I want to book tickets for this event.
Is there a specific date for the event you looking for? Which is the number of tickets you want to buy?
I want to buy 3 tickets for the event on 9th of March.
Can you please confirm that you want to buy 3 tickets for the maatch of Mariners Vs Angels on March 9th in Seattle.
That's not right, because I want two tickets for the event on 11th of March.
Can you please confirm that you want to buy 2 tickets for the event which happens on March 11th?
Alright, that suits me well.
Your booking has been made. Enjoy your time there!
I appreciate your help! That would be all.
Have a good time!
Can you tell me what the weather is like on the 11th in Livermore?
It's gonna be 80 degrees with a 13 percent chance of rainfall
Sure, let's find things to do there then
What kind of things?
Let's go to a concert!
Josh Groban is gonna play at Concerts at Wente Vineyards
What kind of genre is he? And where is the venue?
He's a pop singer, and it's located at 5050 Arroyo Road
That sounds fun
Should I book you a ticket
Yes, just one is fine.
1 ticket to Josh Groban on March 11th in Livermore, yes?
Yes that's right
Your reservation is made, enjoy the concert
Thanks for that
Should I do anything else for you
No that's it thanks
Have a good one then!
Please check the weather in Philadelphia for 1st of this month.
The average temperature is 81 degrees with an 8 percent chance of rain.
what is the expected humidity?
The humidity will be around 23%.
Great. I would like to find something to do.
What type of events do you like, such as Music or Sports?
Please look for games.
There is the owls vs knights at Lincoln Financial Field.
That soudns perfect.
Would you like to purchase tickets?
Yes, I would like to buy tickets.
How many tickets will you need?
I would like three tickets.
Please confirm 3 tickets to the Owls vs Knights on March 1st in Philadelphia.
Yes, and where is the venue located and what time does it start?
Your reservation is successful. The game is at 1 Lincoln Financial Field Way and is at 7:30 pm
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else today?
No, thank you for your assistance.
Have a great day!
I want to see the weather forecast.
Is there a specific where you want to check the weather for?
I want to see the weather forecast for San Diego.
From what I can tell the average temperature in San Diego should be 90 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is only 1 percent chance of raining.
Alright, fine. Though I don't want to get bored, so I want to find things I can do.
Is there a specific kind of event you are interested in?
I usually enjoy attending the events which are categorized as Concert.
There are 10 events which match what you want. One of the events is Alejandro Sanz and it is at Cal Coast Credit Union Amphitheater.
Is there some other event I can attend?
Another event which you might enjoy is ALy And Aj, which is at The Observatory North Park.
Are there other events which are available to me, for example a Sports event?
There is a match of Padres Vs Brewers at the Petco Park.
That seems nice to me. I would like to have tickets bought for this event.
Can you tell me the number of tickets you want to have?
I am in need of having 4 tickets.
Do you have a specific date in mind for the event?
I would like for the event to be on 2nd of this month, since I will be free on that date.
Can you please confirm that you want to buy 4 tickets for the match of Padres Vs Brewers in San Diego, which will happen on March 2nd?
That suits me well. Could you please tell me the time when the event will start, and the location of the venue of the event?
The location of the venue is at 100 Park Boulevard, and it starts at 5:30 pm. Your tickets have been bought. Enjoy the event!
I appreciate your help very much!
Is there something else I can help you with?
Nothing. I am thankful for your help.
Have a good time!
What's the weather forecast for March 13th?
What city do you want the forecast for?
Stanford
The expected temperature for that day is 73 degrees with a 4 percent chance of rain.
Okay. I'd also like to find something to do. Any games going on? I really like football.
I found 1 game you might like. The game is the Cardinal vs Wildcats at Stanford Stadium.
Yes, that sounds good.
Should I buy tickets for the game?
Yes, please.
How many tickets would you like?
I only need one ticket.
Please confirm the details: You are getting 1 ticket for the Cardinal vs Wildcats in Stanford on March 13th.
Yes, that's perfect.
I've made the reservation. Enjoy the game!
Thanks, that's it for now.
Have a great day!
I want to know what the weather is like in Phoenix.
The temperature is 89 degrees Fahrenheit with 15 percent chance of rainfall.
That sounds great. I want to attend games. What is available?
There is the Arizona vs La Dodgers at Chase Field.
What type of game is that and when does it start?
It is a baseball game and it starts at 5:30 pm.
That sounds interesting.
Would you like tickets?
Yes, I want two tickets.
When would you like to attend?
next Friday would be great.
You want 2 tickets to see the Arizona vs La dodgers game on March 8th in Phoenix?
I want four tickets for the 11th of March.
You want 4 tickets for the game on March 11th?
Yes, that would be fine.
I have made the reservations. Enjoy the game.
Thanks very much.
Do you need assistance with anything else?
No. Thanks very much.
Enjoy your day.
Can you tell me the weather on 13th of March in Orinda?
Sure, the temperature is expected to be about 78 degrees with a 15 percent chance of rain
How about the wind?
Wind speed is expected to be 2 miles per hour.
How about weather in Sacramento, CA on March 1st?
The temperature is expected to be about 82 degrees with a 26 percent chance of rain
What about humidity and wind?
Humidity is expected to be 27 percent with a wind speed of 7 miles per hour
Okay, show me some things to do there.
What kind of events are you interested in?
Find me some games.
Okay, I have found 1 event to your specifications. How about republic vs toros at papa murphy's park?
What's the time and category for this event?
The soccer event starts at 5:30 pm
Sounds good. I want to buy three tickets to this event
Sure, Booking 3 tickets for republic vs toros in Sacramento on March 1st
Okay, where is the venue?
Booking confirmed. The venue is 1600 exposition Boulevard
Thanks, that's all I need.
Have a fantastic day ahead!
What will the weather be like in New York on March 7th?
A 15 percent chance of rain and an average temperature of 65 degrees.
Great, thanks, I want to find something to do.
Like what, what would interest you?
I want to find Sports.
I came across 7 events you may like, one is Mets Vs Dodgers at Citi Field.
That one works buy me a ticket please.
How many ticket do you want?
Just the one.
You want 1 ticket for the Mets Vs Dodgers game on March 7th in New York, correct?
Yes, that's what i want. Where is it at?
Your ticket has been purchased have a good time. You will be going to 123-01 Roosevelt Avenue.
Thanks you and goodbye.
Have a super day.
May I know the weather on March 3rd?
In which city?
Las Vegas please.
It's going to be 91 degrees Fahrenheit and there is 22 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy it's gonna be?
Humidity is around 44 percent and the avaerage wind speed should be 6 miles per hour.
Good. I want something to do.
What do you want?
I want concert.
I found an event it's Life Is Beautiful Festival and it's at Downtown Las Vegas Events Center - DLVEC.
Any other events please?
I found an event and it's Young The Giant at Downtown Las Vegas Events Center - DLVEC.
Good, I want tickets for it.
How many?
Just 2 please.
Okay, you want 2 tickets for Young The Giant on March 3rd at Las Vegas.
Yes, that's good.
Reservation done. Enjoy there.
Thank you for your help.
Have a good day.
On March 13th, I wish to check the weather in Yountville.
The average temperature is 93 degree Fahrenheit. There are 13 percent chance of rain.
What is the expected humidity?
It is around 24 percent.
Sure. I am searching for some thing to do?
What is your interest?
I am searching for Music.
The event Todd Rundgren at Napa Valley Performing Arts Center.
What is the category of the event? Where it is located?
It is a Pop event at 100 California Drive.
It is nice to me.
Shall I book the tickets for this event?
I wish to book three tickets for the event.
Kindly ensure that, on March 13th, 3 tickets have been booked for the event Todd Rundgren at Yountville.
Yes. It is good for me.
Your booking has been done. Have a nice time there!
Thank you so much for your help.
Do you need any other help?
Nope. Thank you so much for your help.
Have a fantastic day.
What will the weather be on March 13th in SD?
The average temperature will be 75 degrees with a 19 percent chance of rain.
Yes. I need something to do.
Do you have a preference like music, sports or something else?
I want to go to a concert.
I found 6 options. Would you be interested in Alejandro Sanz at the Cal Coast Credit Union Amphitheater.
That sounds perfect.
Do you want me to book tickets?
Yes. Please book four tickets.
Please confirm you want me to book 4 tickets for the Alejandro Sanz concert on March 13th in San Diego.
Yes. That is perfect.
Your reservation has been successfully booked.
What is the address and start time of the concert?
The venue address is 5500 Campanile Drive. The concert start at 6:30 pm.
Thanks for your help. That's all.
Please enjoy your day!
Hi there, may I check the weather in Berkeley now please?
The temperature there today should be 91 degress Fahrenheit with a 17 percent chance of rain.
Sure, could you help me find some things to do please?
Any preference on the type of event, such as Music or Sports?
I would prefer international concert events, thanks.
There is a Berkeley World Music Festival currently held at 2500 Durant Ave.
Where is the venue located?
It is located at 2500 Durant Avenue.
That sounds great to me! Can you help me reserve some tickets for the event too please?
How many tickets would you like and for which day?
I would like 4 tickets on the 11th of March please.
Please confirm your reservation for 4 tickets for the Berkeley World Music Festival in Berkeley on March 11th.
Sure, that's great.
I have made your reservation, enjoy!
May I know when does the event start?
It will commence at 6 pm.
I see, that's all the help I need, thank you!
Sure, have a great day ahead!
Can you show me what the weather would be like for March 3rd?
Which city should I check the weather for?
I want to search for Anaheim
Okay, the average temperature is expected to be 87 degrees with a 22 percent chance of rain
How about humidity and wind?
The humidity is expected to be 35 percent with a wind speed of 2 miles per hour.
Okay, find me things to do there. baseball events would be nice.
What kind of events are you looking for?
I am looking forward to some games
I have found 1 event- the La angels vs houston at angel stadium of anaheim.
Sounds perfect to me
Should I also book the tickets?
Yes, I want to book 4 tickets to it.
Okay, Booking 4 tickets for La angels vs houston in anaheim on March 3rd.
Okay, sounds good.
Your booking is confirmed.
Thanks a lot!
Do you need my help with anything else?
No, thanks again.
my pleasure, enjoy the game.
I'd like to see the weather condition at LAX
It's 76 degrees there with a 28% chance of rain
OK, great, find me things to do there
What kind of things?
I wanna go to a concert
I found 10 of those including Bill Callahan at the Lodge Room
I don't want that, find me something else
How about Girl in Red at The Teragram Ballroom?
That sounds awesome to me.
Do you want to buy tickets for this event?
Yes I wanna buy two tickets on the 5th of this month
Confirming 2 tickets for Girl in Red on March 5th in Los Angeles yes?
Make that three tickets and on the 9th instead
3 tickets on the March 9th then?
Yes that's right
It's done, have fun
Thanks for that
Sure , can I do anything else?
No that's it for now
Cool, enjoy your concert!
Please tell me what the weather will be in London On March 3rd.
The weather reports it has an average temperature of 88 degrees with a 29 percent chance of rain.
Thanks. What is there to do?
What are your interests?
A concert would be great.
Shakey Graves is playing at the Dome.
When does it start? Where is the concert located.
It is located at 2A Dartmouth Park Hill and starts at 7 pm.
Great. I would like to buy 3 tickets.
So you want me to reserve 3 tickets for the Shakey Graves Concert that takes places on March 3rd in London?
No. Please reserve only 2 tickets please.
Okay, I will book 2 tickets to the Shakey Graves concert for you.
Thank you. That is what I need.
Your reservation is all set. Have a good time.
Thank you for everything.
Anything else I can do?
I am all set. Thanks for everything.
Have a nice day.
Could you help me check the weather in london, England on march 13th
the average temperature for the day should be 94 F with 25 % chance of rain
Thanks, I'm also looking for things to do
What kind of activity are you intrested in?
I'm looking for concert, maybe blues events
There's an event at the The Dome called Shakey Graves
Where is the venue located and when does the event start?
The event is at 2A Dartmouth Park Hill starting at 7:30 pm
Could you find me some other event like rock?
There's an event at Boston Music Room at Crystal lake
Sounds good
Would you like to buy tickets for the event?
Yes, please, I'd like to buy tickets
How many tickets do you need?
I need only 1 ticket
Please confirm the following details: 1 tickets for Crystal lake in London on march 13th
Yes, that's perfect
Your reservation has been successfully confirme
Thanks for your help, that was all I needed
Have a good day
I'd like to spend the day outdoors in Oakland, on March 6th. Please check the weather forecast for me.
The expected average temperature for the day is 90 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 28 percent chance of rain.
What about the wind speed?
The city expects an average wind speed of 6 miles per hour.
What about the expected humidity?
The expected humidity is around 43 percent.
Cool, thanks. Please find me Football events to attend.
Any particular type of event I should search for? It can be Music, Sports of anything else.
Please find Sports events.
I found 2 events you may like. How about the Raiders Vs Lions game at Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum?
That sounds very cool.
Should I go ahead and purchase tickets for the event?
Yes, please buy 1 event ticket.
Okay. Let me see if I got everything correctly: You'd like to book 1 ticket for the March 6th Raiders Vs Lions game in Oakland.
That is correct. Please tell me where the event will be, and what time it will start.
I have successfully made your reservation. Enjoy! The event kicks off at 7:30 pm, at 7000 Coliseum Way.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
Would you like my help with anything else?
No, thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
Thank you and have a wonderful day!
How is the weather in Long Beach on the 7th of this month.
The temperature would be 94 degrees Fahrenheit with 26 percent chance of rain.
How windy or humid would it be?
The humidity is 39 percent and the wind speed would be 2 miles per hour.
Great. What is there to do there?
What are your interests?
Is there anything available in music?
There is 1 suitable event. There is the Long Beach Jazz Festival at the Rainbow Lagoon Park.
That would be fine.
Would you like tickets?
Yes, I would.
How many tickets?
3 tickets please.
You want 3 tickets to the Long Beach Jazz Festival on Long Beach for March 7th?
That would be fine. Where is it taking place and what is the commencement time.
I have made the reservation. It is at 400 East Shoreline Drive and the show starts at 5 pm. Have a great time.
Thanks very much. That would be all.
Enjoy your day.
I want to check the weather in Brisbane on March 2nd.
The temperature on average should be 75 degrees F with a 9 % chance of rain.
What about Seattle, WA on the next Thursday.
The temperature on average should be 69 degrees F with a 16 percent chance of rain.
What is the wind and humidity like?
The humidity is 20 % and wind speed 8 mph.
I like to do baseball events.
Which event are you interested in?
I'm looking for a sports event?
I have 2 events. One is the Mariners vs Angels at T-Mobile Park.
That sounds great to me.
Would you like to buy tickets for the event?
Yes, I'd like to buy some tickets.
What number of tickets should I get.
I would like three tickets.
Please confirm for 3 tickets for the Mariners vs Angels March 7th in Seattle.
No thanks. I'd like two tickets.
Please confirm for 2 tickets in Seattle.
Yes, that would be fine.
I have a reservation made for you. Have a great time!
Where is the location?
The location is 1250 1st Avenue South.
Thanks for your help and that is all I need.
Have a nice day.
I want to search for weather condition. Please search it in Seattle, WA on the 1st.
Checked the same and found the average temperature will be 74 degrees Fahrenheit on that day and there will be chance of 32 % for rain there.
What about the Humidity range?
It is around 25 %.
Okay then, what is the Wind speed?.
It will be around 15 miles per hour.
Okay. Now, I want to search for a Sports event especially Basketball. search it for me.
Found 1 which is Huskies Vs Cougars at Husky Stadium, Is that Okay to you?
Yes, that is okay, please purchase tickets for me.
Let me know the number of tickets you need?
Please book two tickets.
Please confirm to book 2 tickets for Huskies Vs Cougars in Seattle on March 1st.
Yes, that is confirmed to proceed with booking.
Your booking was confirmed successfully.
Thank you for your help and that's all I want now.
Have a good day.
Check the weather in San Fran on the 10th of March
It's gonna be 93 degrees with a 12% chance of rain
Sure, that's good
What else do you need?
I want to find things to do there
What kind of things do you wanna do
Something music related
How about seeing Allan Rayman at August Hall?
Wow, that sounds awesome!
Do you want to buy ticket for this event?
Yeah sure, thanks
How many tickets?
I want 4 tickets please
4 tickets to Allan Rayman on March 10th to San Francisco?
Yes that works. When does the event start? And where is the venue?
Your reservation is made so head to 420 Mason Street at 6 pm for that.
Thanks so much for your help
What else can I help with?
For now it's all good
OK, enjoy your concert!
I want a reservations
what time for and city?
hopscotch in oakland at 19:30
hopscotch oakland at 7:30 pm on march 1st for 2
eiko's in napa
eiko's sushi in napa
11:45 am it is for
confirm 11:45 am on march 1st
yes that is fine
eiko's sushi for 2 on march 1st at 12 pm
yes that is fine
it went through
regular show adventure century napa valley
1 movie captain marvel
captain marvel is good
wanna get tickets?
no I do not
10:30 pm century napa valley and xd theater
any other time?
No other times
NO thank you
have a good one
I need to make a reservation at My Ivy in SFO for one person.
What time would you like to make the reservation for?
five pm please.
You would like a reservation for 1 person at My Ivy in San Francisco on March 1st at 5 pm, is that right?
Yes, that is correct. Does the restaurant have bargain prices and what is their address?
The restaurant is in the moderate price range and they are located at 1901 Divisadero Street. I have confirmed your reservation.
Great, thanks!
Is there anythign else you need?
Yes, can you help me find a move nearby? I enjoy violent movies.
You may like to see Ash is Purest White.
Yes, Ash Is Purest White sounds good. What time is it playing?
What day do you want to see the movie?
I want to see it at Embarcadero Center Cinema on the 7th of March.
There is 1 showing of the movie at 9 pm at Landmark's Embarcadero Center Cinema.
Perfect!
Do you want to purchase tickets for the movie now?
No, I don't need to buy them yet. Thanks.
Ok, have a wonderful day.
Could you book me a table at Fujiyama-ya in SFO at eleven in the morning?
Table for 2 at Fujiyama-ya in San Francisco at 11 am on March 1st. Correct?
Yes. Hey, what about drinks? And where are they?
You have a table. They are at 1234 Noriega Street. There is no alcohol served.
Any funny IMAX movies around there? Try Century San Francisco Centre.
There's Missing Link.
Yeah, Missing Link fits the bill.
Should I secure some tickets?
Negative. Put that on hold.
Ok. whats next?
What time is the movie. Later today?
11 pm at Century San Francisco Centre 9 & XD.
Ok. I'm good to go.
Great. Speak with you later.
I want to make a reservation at the Taqueria Y Carniceria Apatzingan 2 restaurant for just one person at this evening 5.
Where is this restaurant located?
I'd like to make the reservation at the Redwood City location.
Okay. Just to confirm, you want to book a table for 1 at Taqueria Y Carniceria Apatzingan 2 in Redwood City at 5 pm on March 1st.
Actually, no. Change the restaurant to Crouching Tiger.
Okay. So, now you want to book at a table at the Crouching Tiger Restaurant in Redwood City.
Yes, that is correct. What's their street address? What kind of food do they have?
I've booked your table. They serve mainly Asian food and they're located at 2644 Broadway.
Cool. I'd also like to see a movie in that area.
I've got 6 results for movies playing nearby. There's After, Dumbo, and Little playing close to the restaurant.
What are the other movies?
I also show that Shazam!, Teen Spirit, and The Curse of La Llorona are playing close by.
Shazam sounds great. What are the showtimes for it? I'd prefer a regular show at Century Redwood City. I'd like to go the 5th of this month.
It's playing 1 time on that day at 11 pm at Century Redwood City Downtown 20 & XD.
Okay, perfect. That's all.
Have a great day!
I want san rafael
what time for?
evening 6 please
any preferred place?
ristorante la toscana
ristorante la toscana san rafael 6 pm march 1st 2 people
any liquor there?
I could not
napoli pizza then
napoli pizza-taste of the himalayas san rafael at 6 pm march 1st for 2
what food is there?
nepalese food is there
I wanna see a movie
blackmail - cinemix par chloe, captain marvel high life
musical movies century regency
1 movie teen spirit
teen spirit works
7 pm century regency
tell me adress
$10 at 280 smith ranch road
sounds very good
have a good one
I need to make a restaurant reservation.
What time do you need the reservation.
Make it in the afternoon 1.
Which city do you need the reservation at?
In Napa please.
Which restaurant do you prefer?
Pasta Prego please.
You want a table at Pasta Prego in Napa at 1 pm for 2 people for March 1st, is this correct?
Yes that is great, do they serve liquor? How expensive are they?
Your table is reserved. They have a moderate price range and do not serve alcohol.
I need a regular show at the movies at Century Napa Valley. Adventure preferably.
I found 1 movie, Captain Marvel.
Captain Marvel sounds great, what times are there on the 1st of March?
There's one show at 10:30 pm at the Century Napa Valley and XD Theater.
Sounds great, thank you.
Would you like the tickets reserved?
No, not right now thank you.
Can I do anything else for you?
Not at this time thank you.
Have a fabulous day.
I need help to book a restaurant
Which restaurant and what time?
Book it at Spalti at half past 11 in the morning
Which city should I book it for
It is Mary's pizza in Napa for three people
Booking a table for 3 at mary's pizza shack in napa at 11:30 am on March 1st
Does it serve Indian food. What is the address
They serve Italian and are located at 3085 jefferson street
I also want to watch a movie there in 3D
Would after, hellboy or little work?
After sounds perfect to me
Should I buy the tickets.
No, will do that later
Is there anything else I can help with?
What are the timings? I want to watch it at Century Napa valley
I have found 1 show for you at 10:30 pm in century napa valley and XD theater
What genre is the movie
that is a romance movie
Sounds good. That would be all!
Have a great time!
I like to make a booking at restaurant in SFO.
Any restaurant you like? Can you tell me the booking time?
I like osha. Do booking at 12 in the afternoon.
Please give confirmation details: Booking a table for 2 people at Osha thai Restaurant and Lounge at 12 pm on March 1st in the city of San Francisco.
Yes, this is perfect for me.
Your booking is over.
I like to see a movie around there.
What is your opinion about Ash Is Purest White, Captain Marvel or Citizen Kane?
For me Ash Is Purest White is perfect. At what time can i watch it?
In Vogue theatre there is one show at 4 pm.
This is cool. That's all i want.
Have a great day.
Could you help me with a restaurant reservation?
In what city and at what restaurant?
The restaurant is Everest in Albany.
What time would you like the reservation?
I'd like it at 11 in the morning.
Confirming a table for 2 at Everest Kitchen in Albany at 11 AM on March 1st.
Can you change that to one person on the 4th of this month?
Confirming a reservation for 1 person on March 4th.
Sounds great. Do you know if they have live music?
No, they don't. The booking is complete.
Thank you for that. I'd like to see a movie, too. I'm interested in a drama at the Albany Twin, a regular show.
Would you like to see the movie Red Joan?
Sure, Red Joan would be great.
Are you interested in purchasing tickets now?
Not right now, thank you.
Is there anything else you need?
What time is the movie?
On what date?
I'm looking for next Friday.
I have 1 showing at 7 PM at Landmark's Albany Twin.
Where is the theater located and what is the ticket price?
It cost $15 per ticket and the address is 1115 Solano Avenue.
That's everything I need, thank you.
You're very welcome.
I'd like to book a table at a restaurant in Vacaville.
What time are you looking to book for and which restaurant are you interested in?
I want to go tio Umi Sushi at a quarter to 6 in the evening.
Okay so to confirm: You'd like to book a table for 2 at Umi Sushi in Vacaville at 5:45 pm on March 1st.
I'd only like a reservation for one person.
No problem. So that's 1 person at 5:45 pm
Actually, thinking about it, I think I want to invite a couple of friends. Can you make a reservation for three people instead?
Sure thing. So that's 3 people at 5:45 pm.
Yes that's correct. Where is the restaurant located and do they serve alcohol there?
This place doesn't serve alcohol. Their address is 501 Davis Street. Unfortunately I have not been able to make your reservation at Umi Sushi. Would you like me to try for 3 people at 6 pm on March 1st?
Yes please, go ahead and try to make the reservation.
Your reservation has been confirmed.
I'd also like to find a movie to watch while I'm there.
Do you like Dumbo, Hellboy or Shazam!?
I think from those choices I'd like to see Shazam!
Do you want to buy tickets?
Not right now thanks.
Do you need help with anything else?
What time are the screenings at Brenden Vacaville? I don't mind any type.
There's a screening at 9 pm at Brenden Vacaville 16
What genre of movie is it?
It's an adventure film.
Ok great. THat's everything for now.
Enjoy your day.
I want to make a reservation at the restaurant
Are they any preferred restaurant? Also in which city and time are you looking to reserve the restaurant?
The restaurant is Wine Cellar in Los Gatos. Make reservation for evening 6:30.
Please confirm the details: Booking of table at Wine Cellar Restaurant in Los Gatos for March 1st at 6:30 pm for 2 people.
Yes. That's fine for me.
The reservation is now successful.
I want to watch a adventure movie and an imax show.
I have found 1 movie. What do you think abou Shazam!?
Shazam would be perfect.
Would you like to book the ticket now?
No. I don't want to make a purchase now. What time can I watch the movie?
I have found 1 showtime for the movie. The show is at 9 pm at Los Gatos Theatre.
It sounds good. That's all I needed for now.
Have a nice day.
I would like to make a restaurant reservation.
What city and what time?
I would like to eat in SFO at 5:30 in the evening.
Is there a specific restaurant you prefer?
I like Aslam's.
So you want to book at Aslam's Rasoi in San Francisco for 2? The reservation is for 5:30 pm on March 1st.
Actually it is for one person on March 14th.
Please confirm that you want to make a reservation for 1 person on March 14th.
Yep, that is right. Is it a fancy price range?
Your reservation was a success. The price range is moderate.
Thank you so much. I'd also like ot watch a movie around there at AMC Metreon. I am into 3d adventure movies.
I have 1 movie. What about Shazam!?
Shazam! sounds perfect. What time could I watch it at?
What date would you like me to check?
I want to watch it on March 5th.
There is one show at 9 pm at the AMC Metreon 16.
How much does the ticket cost and what is the address?
It costs $6 per person and the address is 135 4th Street Suite 3000.
That sounds good.
Could I assist with something else?
No, that is all.
Have a good one.
I'm meeting a client for lunch and I need to make a restaurant reservation for 1 o"clock in the afternoon.
Is there a certain restaurant or city I should search in?
I'd like to book the Limon Rotisserie in Walnut Creek.
Let's confirm the details: You are making a reservation for 2 people at Limon Rotisserie Walnut Creek located in Walnut Creek on March 1st at 1 pm.
Yes, that's great. What's their address?
Your table is reserved. Their address is 1524 Locust Street.
I'd also like to catch a movie while I'm there. I'd like it to be a horror movie in 3d. Is there anything at Century Walnut Creek?
The Curse of La Llorona is showing there.
Curse of La Llorona would be find. What time is it playing?
There's one show at 10 pm at Century Walnut Creek 14 & XD.
Okay, sounds good. That's all I need for now.
Have a great day!
I want to eat out at a restaurant in Berkeley.
At which restaurant and for what time?
I want to eat at Ippuku for 11:45 am
You would like a table for 2 at Ippuku in Berkeley for 11:45 am on March 1st?
That would be fine.
I was not able to make the reservation. Would you like a reservation at Ippuku for 2 on March 1st at 12 pm?
That would be great.
I have made the reservation.
What is the budget I should work with?
The restaurant is expensive.
Do they serve Tacos and where are they located?
They serve Izakaya and they are located at 2130 center street.
I want to see a 3d movie at the california theatre.
There is 1 movie available. Would you like to see Hotel Mumbai?
Hotel Mumbai would be great. What time can I see it on Wednesday next week.
There is a show at 7 pm at Landmark's california theatre.
That would be great.
You would like to get tickets?
No, not right now.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thanks for your assistance.
Enjoy your day.
Can you make me a reservation at the restaurant A16?
Sure, what city is it in?
It's in San Fran.
What time do you want me to make it for?
Try for a quarter to 6 in the evening.
Can you confirm you'd like a table for 2 at A16 in San Francisco on March 1st at 5:45 pm?
Yup, do you know is they have live music and can I get their phone number?
They're at 415-771-2216 and no live music. I apologize but I couldn't make a reservation at A16 for 2 at that time. Should I try March 1st at 6 pm instead?
Yes, that's fine.
Your booking was confirmed.
Thanks, I also want to see a movie near there. Any Biographical movies playing at the Roxie Theater?
There's JT LeRoy.
JT LeRoy is great. What time can I see a regular showing?
What date should I look for?
Do the 9th of March.
I found 1 showtime at 7 pm at the Roxie Theater.
Great, thanks, that's all for now.
No problem, have a good day.
I would like to reserve for a restaurant on March 8th for two.
What type of restaurant do you prefer? What time and city?
I would the restaurant called Layang Layang in Milpitas at 19:00.
Please confirm 2 people for Layang Layang Malaysian Cuisine in Milpitas for 7 pm on March 8th.
Yes, that is fine. What is their phone number?
The reservation has ben successfully made and the number is 408-263-6788.
Thanks so much. I'd like to watch a movie around there.
How about the movie Hellboy, Little, or The Curse of La Llorona?
Hellboy sounds good.
Do you wish to buy tickets?
No I don't want to purchase it now.
Is there anything else to help with?
What time am I able to watch it?
What date are you going to watch it?
I would like to watch on the 2nd of March.
There is a show at 3:30 pm in the Century 20 Great Mall & XD.
Tell me the address of the theater.
The address for the theater is 1010 Great Mall Drive.
What type of ticket is it and how much is it?
The price is $25 and it is a Fantasy.
That sounds good.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks for your help.
Have a wonderful day.
I need a dining reservation.
Where and what time?
San Jose at 18:00.
Which restaurant?
Mcdonald's.
With your permission I will book a reservation for 2 at 6 pm at Mcdonald's in San Jose for March 1st.
Permission granted. Do they serve Pizza and Pasta?
Breakfast food is served. The reservation is booked.
Is there a good movie close?
I found Breakthrough, After or A Madea Family Funeral.
I like Family Funeral. What time is a regular show playing March 1st at West Wind Capitol Drive-In?
West Wind Capitol Drive-In has a 10:30 pm show.
What are the other movie times?
That's the only time. Do you need further assistance?
No. I'm finished.
Enjoy the day.
I would like to make a reservation at the restaurant Hatcho.
What time will the reservation be for? Which city am I searching in?
Make the reservation for next Friday at half past 11 in the morning. I want it in Santa Clara.
Please confirm these details: You want a reservation for 2 at Hatcho Japanese Cuisine located in Santa Clara. It will be at 11:30 am on March 8th.
Yes, that works out for me.
Your reservation was successful.
What is their contact number?
Their phone number is 408-248-8500.
Thank you. I would also want to watch a movie around there.
What do you think of Dumbo, Hellboy, or Hotel Mumbai?
Hellboy is a great choice.
Would you like to buy tickets for this movie?
No, I don't want to buy now. What time is it available to watch? I would like to watch it at the AMC Mercado.
What date would you like to watch it on?
I want to watch it on the 5th of March.
There is 1 showtime for the movie on that day. 9:30 pm in AMC Mercado 20 is the one available.
Sounds pretty good.
May I help you with anything else?
No, thank you for the help.
Have a wonderful day!
Can you make me a reservation for 3 at Golden Garlic next Friday?
Sure, what time and what city?
It's in San Jose at 6 in the evening.
Okay, can you confirm you'd like a table for 3 at Golden Garlic in San Jose at 6 pm on march 8th?
Yup, that's correct.
Your reservation has been made.
I also want to see a comic movie around there, preferably in imax. What's playing at AMC Eastridge?
Want to see Long Shot?
What else is there?
Sorry, I couldn't find anything else. Anything else you like?
Could you try to find a non-fiction movie in 3d at CineLux Almaden?
Yes, how about Breakthrough?
Oh, Breakthrough perfect. What time?
What's the date you'll be seeing it?
It'll be on the 9th of this month.
There's a showing at 9:30 pm at the CineLux Almaden Cinema.
Great, that's perfect.
Should I buy tickets?
Not yet, that's all for now.
Have a good one!
I wish to have a reservation at a restaurant.
In which city do you need and what is your preferred time? Do you have any preferred restaurant?
The restaurant Kamakura is at Alameda. Reserve it at 7 pm.
Kindly ensure that, on March 1st, reservation has been booked for 2 persons at Kamakura Japanese Restaurant at Alameda. It is at 7 pm.
Yes. It is good for me.
Your booking is done.
Thank you so much. I wish to see a 3d show movie there.
What about Captain Marvel, Missing Link or Shazam!
Missing Link is nice. In which time shall I see it? I wish to watch at Alameda Theatre & Cineplex on 2nd of March.
I searched and found 1 showtime for the movie. There is none show at 6:30 pm in Alameda Theatre & Cineplex.
What is the contact address of the theater? What is the cost of the ticket?
The address is 2317 Central Avenue. The cost is $23 per person.
It is good. That is what I want.
Have a fantastic day.
i am looking for a restaurant
Do you have any preference? what time would you like to go
i prefer royal thai at 12:30
what city is royal thai located in
look for martinez city on march 2nd
please confirm your reservation with royal thai restaurant for 2 people in city of martinez on march 2nd at 12:30 pm
yes thats correct. Do they sell liquor
your reservation is confirm and they do not serve alcohol
are they pricy
price range is moderate
I also want to watch a movie afterward, please find me a regular show
i located 2 movies, dumbo and long shot
dumbo is great, what time does the movie start
when do you want to watch it
i want to watch it on the 3rd
there is 1 show time in contra costa stadium cinemas at 4:30 pm
what is the ticket price and what is the theater's address
the address is 555 center avenue and it is $10 per person
sound great, thats all i need from you
have a nice day
I need a place to eat, so I want to make a reservation at a restaurant.
Which city would you like for the restaurant to be located at?
I want the restaurant to be in SFO.
Is there a specific restaurant you prefer?
I really like the restaurant called Noir. I want the reservation to be for two people in afternoon 12:15.
Can you please confirm that you want to book a table for 2 people at Noir Lounge restaurant in San Francisco at 12:15 pm on March 1st?
That suits me well. Can you check if they serve liquor?
I am glad to confirm that they serve liquor, but unfortunately I could not book the table. Do you want to try again to book a table for 2 people at Noir Lounge restaurant for March 1st at 12 pm?
That's seems right for me.
Your table has been booked.
Can you give me their address?
You can find the restaurant at 581 Hayes Street.
I appreciate it very much. I feel like I also want to watch a movie when I will be around there.
You might consider watching either Ash Is Purest White, or Body Double, or Captain Marvel.
Captain Marvel is what I would like to watch. Can you tell me the time when I can watch it?
What about the date when you want to watch the movie, what is it?
I would like to watch the movie on the 2nd.
There is 1 showtime for the movie you want. This showtime is at 4 pm at Century San Francisco Centre 9 & XD.
That seems nice. That would be all.
Have a wonderful time!
I would like to make a reservation at a restaurant.
In what city you want to be and at what time?Do you have a favorite restaurant?
Restaurant name is Spalti and is located in Palo Alto.Reservation I want to be at afternoon 12:30.
Book a table for 2 people at Spalti Ristorante in Palo Alto on March 1st at 12:30 pm.Is that okay for you?
Yes good.Tell me if liquor is served and if they have live music.
Alcohol is not available and they not have live music.Soory but reservation was not been made.You want me to try for 2 people on March 1st at 1 pm ?Because Spalti Ristorante is a nice place.
Yes is good.
Reservation was made.
Thank you for all.
Anything else I can do for you?
Watching a Rom-com movies would be perfect for me.
What do you think about Pillow Talk?
Yes that's the one! Pillow Talk .
You want to buy tickets?
No.Now I don't want.At what time I can watch it?Find me a regular show at Stanford Theatre on the 9th.
At Stanford Theatre is one show at 7:30 pm.
In other time is not available?
Sorry other show time is not available for this show.Anything else you need?
No.Thank you!
Have a great day!
I need to make a restaurant reservation in SF.
Is there a specific restaurant you would like to eat at and what time would you like the reservation for?
Yes, the restaurant is Sakana Sushi and I need a reservation for quarter to 6 in the evening please.
Ok, you would like to make a reservation for 2 at Sakana Sushi Bar & Grill in San Francisco on March 1st at 5:45 pm. Is that correct?
No, the reservation should be on the 11th not the 1st.
OK, you would like to reserve a tabe at Sakana Sushi Bar & Grill on March 11th. Is that right?
Yes, perfect.
I'm sorry, I could not make a reservation at that time. Would a reservation for 2 people at 6 pm on March 11th at Sakana Sushi Bar & Grill work instead?
Yes, that would be great.
Great, I have confirmed your reservation.
Thanks. Can you search for movies nearby?
Yes. Ash is Purest White, Body Double, and Captain Marvel are playing.
Captain Marvel sounds good.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
What time is the movie playing?
What day do you want to see the movie?
March 2nd please.
There is a 4 pm showing at Century San Francisco Centre 9 & XD.
Perfect! Thanks for you help.
Enjoy the movie and have a wonderful day!
I have a small plan to eat outside for which I need to reserve a table in a restaurant. Can you help me to do?
Yes, in which restaurant do you want to book the table? Is that any choice in your mind?
Yes, try with Drying Shed.
in which City?
I think San Jose is perfect. Search there for this restaurant.
What is your planned time to go to that restaurant, if you inform it then I will make the booking.
Make the booking at one in the afternoon what will be convenient to me.
Please confirm to book a table for 2 in Drying Shed restaurant in San Jose on March 1st at 1 pm.
Please make it for next Friday.
then, need your final confirmation to book it on March 8th at 1 pm.
Yes, confirmed to proceed with booking.
booking was confirmed as per your wish.
Thanks for your help and I need one more. I like to watch movie out side. Can you search for the one in Fantasy category at Century Oakridge?
How about movies like Dumbo and Hellboy? Pick your choice.
Both are not interested to me. Can you search for something else?
Unfortunately I could not meet your requirements. How can I help you further in this regard.
Try it for another variety that is a 3d show in Ghost category at Cinelux Almaden.
Found a movie name The Curse of La Llorona which is a Ghost movie and you may like it.
Yes, Curse of La Llorona is perfect to me.
Shall I proceed further that is booking tickets?
No, not now, let me know the show time for this movie.
For which date?
Check it for 7th of March.
Found 1 show time at 10:30 pm in Cinelux Almaden Cinema.
I want to know the address of that theater for my reference. Get it for me.
The address is 2306 Almaden Road.
That is okay. Thanks.
Anything else you need?
No, not now. Thanks.
Have a great day.
Will you make a reservation at Ca' Momi Osteria on 8th of this month at afternoon 12:30?
Which city?
Napa.
Please confirm a table for 2 at Ca' Momi Osteria in Napa on March 8th at 12:30 pm.
Cool. How pricey? What's their number?
I've completed the reservation. Price is moderate. You can reach them at 707-224-6664.
Will you find a movie around there?
I found 4 movies. After, Captain Marvel or Hellboy?
Captain Marvel. What are the showtimes?
What date?
Tomorrow.
I found 1 showtime. 10:30 pm in Century Napa Valley and XD Theater.
Perfect. That's all.
Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a restaurant reservation in Santa Clara on the 8th of this month at five pm.
Do you have a preferred restaurant?
Yes, the restaurant is McDonalds.
Okay, I have a reservation at McDonald's in Santa Clara for 2 people on March 8th at 5 pm, correct?
Yes, that is correct.
I have successfully confirmed the reservation.
Thanks, does the restaurant serve Chinese food?
No, they serve sandwich cuisine.
What is the address?
The street address 2850 Augustine Drive.
Thanks! I'd also like to find a movie near there.
I found 10 movies. What about Dumbo, Hellboy, or Hotel Mumbai?
Hotel Mumbai sounds great!
Would you like to purchase tickets for the movie?
No, not right now.
Is there anything else I can help with?
What are the showtimes for the movie?
What date do you want to see it?
I want to see it on the 1st of this month.
Theres a 9 pm showtime at AMC Mercado 20.
That sounds good.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thank you.
Have a great day!
I want a reservation at the restaurant Troya.
What time would you like it for? What city is it in?
It is in SFO. I want it for 7:15 in the evening.
A table for 2 at Troya Restaurant in San Francisco at 7:15 pm on March 1st. Is this right?
Make it the Krua restaurant instead.
A table for 2 at Krua Thai. Is this right?
I want it at seven in the evening now for 4 people.
A reservation for 7 pm with 4 people. Is this right?
Yes, that's it. Where are they located? Do they sell alcohol?
Your reservation has been booked. They sell alcohol. Their address is 3214 16th Street.
I also want to see a movie. I wanna see a 3D movie. I'm a fan of fantasy movies.
What about Penguin Highway?
Penguin Highway is a good one.
Do you want tickets for it?
No, not right now. What time could I watch?
What day would you want to watch it?
On the 1st of March.
There is 1 showtime for it. 6:30 pm in Roxie Theater.
How much would it cost me?
It is $15 per person.
That's fine. That is all then.
Have a nice day.
Get me a restaurant reservation.
Do you have a restaurant preference in a certain city?
Make a reservation for me at Frida's in Napa.
What time do you want?
I want to be there at half past 1 in the afternoon.
You want a reservation for 2 people at Frida's Mexican Grill in Napa on March 1st at 1:30 pm. Is that right?
That is correct and is liquor served?
Your table is booked and they don't serve any alcohol.
Where are they located at?
They are located at 1533 Trancas Street.
Thanks a lot. I want to watch a 3d Fantasy movie nearby.
Search revealed 1 movie which is Hellboy.
Hellboy works for me.
Shall I get you tickets?
No, not right now.
Do you need something more?
What time is it playing?
What day do you want to see it?
I want to see it on the 2nd of this month.
There is 1 showing and it is at 4:30 pm in Century Napa Valley and XD Theater.
How much does it cost to seee?
The cost is $6 a person.
That works for me.
Do you need something more?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
I would like to reserve a table at a restaurant for Thursday next week.
In which city are you planning to dine and at what time? Do you have a specific restaurant in mind?
I want the table at the Xiao Loong restaurant in San Fran at six pm.
Please confirm that you want to reserve a table for 2 at the Xiao Loong Restaurant in San Francisco at 6 pm, on March 7th.
Yes, that sounds perfect.
You table has been reserved successfully.
While I am there, is there a 3d movie that I can watch at the Century San Francisco Centre?
There is only 1 movie and it is The Curse of La Llorona.
The Curse of La Llorona is perfect. At what time can I watch it on this Saturday?
There is a show at 11 pm in Century San Francisco Centre 9 & XD.
Where is the theater located and what kind of movie is it?
It's a horror movie and the the theatre is located at 835 Market Street.
Sounds good. Thank you.
Shall I get tickets for you?
No, not now. I'll get them later.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. That's all I need for now.
Have a great day!
Can you help me make a restaurant reservation?
Sure, what city is it in?
Look in San Rafael.
Okay, and what time?
Make it for 12:30 pm.
Is there a particular restaurant you have in mind?
Yes, Vin Antico.
Okay, could you confirm that you'd like a table for 2 at Vin Antico in San Rafael on March 1st at 12:30 pm?
Yes, what's their address?
Your reservation is booked. They're at 881 4th Street.
Thanks, help me find a movie playing nearby.
Would you like to see Blackmail - Cinemix Par Chloe, Captain marvel, or High Life?
Actually High Life sounds good. What time is it playing?
What date should I search?
Search for a regular showing on the 1st of March.
Okay, there's 1 showtime at the Century Regency for 7:30 pm.
What's the genre of the movie and how much is the ticket?
It's a Drama and its $13 a ticket.
Sounds good to me.
Anything else I can help with at the moment?
Nope, not at the moment, thanks.
Have a great day.
I need to eat something, so I want to make a reservation at a restaurant. I want the reservation to be for 3 people at seven in the evening, and the restaurant to be Sala.
Is there a specific city where I should look for the restaurant?
I want the restaurant to be in Fremont.
Can you please confirm that you want to book a table for 3 people at Sala Thai Restaurant in Fremont on March 1st at 7 pm.
That suits me well. What is the price range of the restaurant?
Your table has been booked. The restaurant has a moderate price range.
Can you tell me if they serve Punjabi type of food? What is their phone number that I can use to call them?
If you want to call them you can at 510-792-0770. The type of food they serve is Thai.
I appreciate it. Though I also feel like I want to watch a movie while I am there. I want the movie to be in an imax show at Century at Pacific Commons, and for the movie to be an Adventure one.
There is 1 movie which suits your request. How would you like watching Shazam! ?
Shazam! seems as a good choice.
Do you want to buy tickets for this movie?
No, I am not in need of buying tickets now.
Is there something else I can help you with?
Tell me the time when I can watch the movie.
For which date are you looking for the movie?
I want to watch the movie on the 6th.
I can see that there is a show of the film at 10:30 pm in Century at Pacific Commons & XD.
Seems alright to me.
Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Nothing. I am thankful for your help.
Have a good time!
I need to make a restaurant reservation on the 11th at 12 o"clock in the afternoon.
What city will this be in?
It's in SF, and it's for 3 people.
And what restaurant is this for?
It's for Green papaya, and it's actually for the 2nd of March.
Just to confirm everything, you'd like a reservation for 3 people at Green Papaya in San Francisco on March 2nd at 12 pm?
Yes, that's what I want. Is there live music there?
I've made you the reservation, there's no live music.
Thanks so much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd like to watch a movie around that area.
What do you think about Ash Is Purest White, Body Double, or Captain Marvel?
What other movies are there? Any kind is fine. I'd like to watch the movie at Presidio Theatre.
How does Hotel Mumbai sound?
Let's keep looking.
There are no more movies that match your requirements. Do you need any further help?
I still want to try searching. Are there any 3d movies available at Embarcadero Center Cinema in the Drama genre?
What about Red Joan?
Red Joan would be great, what time is it playing?
Is there a specific date you want to watch it?
Yeah, I'd like to watch it on the 7th.
It will be playing once at 9:30 pm at Landmark's Embarcadero Center Cinema.
And how much are tickets?
It's $18 for one person.
Okay, that works.
Do you want to buy tickets?
No, I don't want to buy tickets right now. That'll be all.
Have a pleasant day.
I want to go to a restaurant.
Which city should I search in? Is there a restaurant you would like to go to?
I want to go to 8 Dragons in Healdsburg.
At what time?
I want to be there at evening 5:30.
Please confirm the following reservation details: A reservation for 2 people, March 1st, 5:30 pm at 8 Dragons Restaurant in Healdsburg.
Yes that works!
Your reservation is complete!
I also want to see a movie too.
Dumbo, Hotel Mumbai, and Shazam! are playing nearby.
What else is there? I want to watch at Raven Film Center.
I found 1 movie you may like. What about The Mustang.
Sounds interesting, The Mustang is perfect.
Want to buy tickets for the movie?
No, I don't want purchase now. What time can I watch it? I want to see a regular show on March 2nd.
There's one show playing at Raven Film Center at 8:30 pm.
Great, thanks for searching.
Can I help you with something else?
No, thanks for the help.
Have a great day!
I'd like to reserve a table at a restaurant.
In what city would you like me to look? What is the best time to make the reservation?
I would like it to be in Fairfield at 6:15 pm.
Is there a desirable restaurant?
The restaurant I'd prefer is Favela's.
Please check the following for approval: Reserving a table for 2 at Favela's Fusion at 6:15 pm on March 1st. It is located in Fairfield.
Okay, that sounds to me. Do they serve alcohol? Do they also have Indian on the menu?
They serve Mexican cuisine, but don't serve liquor. I'm sorry, I couldn't make the reservation. Would you like me to see if I can get a table on March 1st at 6 pm for 2 people? Favela's Fusion is a great restaurant.
Okay, sounds pretty good to me.
I was able to successfully reserve a table.
I enjoy Documentary movies and like to watch one around that area. I am interested in watching a regular show.
What do you think about Breakthrough?
Breakthrough is fantastic.
Would you like to purchase any tickets?
Nope, I'm not interested in buying any right now.
Do you need me to help you with something else?
What time can I go see it?
What is the date you prefer to see it?
I would like to go see it on the 8th.
They have one showing at 10 pm in Edwards Fairfield 16 & IMAX.
What is the cost of the ticket and where is the theater located?
The address for the theatre is 1549 Gateway Boulevard and the cost is $22 each person.
Is the movie showing at another time on the 9th at Edwards Fairfield?
I was able to find 1 showtime for the movie at Edwards Fairfield 16 & IMAX at 1 pm.
That sounds fine and that's it.
Enjoy your day.
I need to get some chow.
Do you have a place in mind?
Yes. Tachi in Concord, around 6:45 in the evening.
Ok. Table for 2 at Tachi Sushi Bar in Concord on March 1st at 6:45 pm. Correct?
That is correct.
Sorry. No can do. Should I try Tachi Sushi Bar for 2 on MArch 1st at 7 pm instead?
Yeah, give that a shot.
Shot taken. You scored.
Ha. Great. Hey, how much will this run me you think? Where they at?
Its moderate price-wise. They are at 5458 Ygnacio Valley Road.
Thanks a lot. Could you find me an Adventure movie?
Sure. I got 2 off the bat. Captain Marvel and Shazam.
Captain Marvel works.
You want me to get tickets?
No, not yet.
What can I do now?
When is the movie playing.
Which date do you want me to check?
Check for March 5th.
8:30 pm at Veranda LUXE Cinema & IMAX.
That will work.
Great. Anything else?
No thank you.
You're welcome.
Can you help me make a restaurant reservation?
Sure. Do you have a particular restaurant in mind.
Actually I do! Tuba.
When do you want your reservation to be?
11:15 in the morning, please.
Please tell me the city in which I should search!
Search in San Francisco, please.
Can you please confirm that you want me to place a reservation for 2 at Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant in San Francisco on March 1st at 11:15 am?
Yes, that's correct.
Unfortunately I was unable to reserve the table. Are you OK with a reservation for 2 at Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant on March 1st at 11 am?
Yes, that will do.
I've successfully place your reservation!
Thanks. Can you help me find a good Drama movie to watch while in the area, at Roxie Theater?
There are 3 movies mathching your criteria. Do you think you'd like Suburban Birds, The Innocent or Supa Modo?
Can you please find me other movies?
Sorry, but there aren't any other movies matching your criteria. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can you please search again, this time for Comic movies in imax at Balboa Theatre?
There's 1 movie - Josie and the Pussycats.
Josie and the Pussycats is actually perfect!
Do you want me to buy tickets for you for this movie.
No, not at the moment. When can I watch it?
On what date do you want to see the movie?
I'd like to watch the movie the 15th of March.
Balboa Theatre is showing the movie at 7:30 pm.
Can you give me their address?
Sure. They're located at 3630 Balboa Street.
Perfect. That will be all for now.
Have a great one.
I want to make a reservation at the Sparrow Bar.
What time would you like a table.
I want on the 10th at 11:15 am
What city would you like it in?
I want it in Napa at Trancas.
Just to confirm you want a table for 2 people at the Trancas Steakhouse in Napa on March 10th at 11:15 am.
Yes that is great. How expensive is it?
It is a nice moderate priced restaurant. I'm sorry there are no tables at that time. How about at 11 am for 2 people at the Trancas Steakhouse in Napa on March 10th.
yes that is fine.
Your table is booked.
Do they serve Alcohol?
It is a nonalcoholic restaurant.
Thanks I would like to see a moive close to there.
I have 4 movies you mioght like. What do you think about After, Captain Marvel or Hellboy?
Hellboy would be good.
Would you like tickets?
No not right now.
Is there anything else I can do.
What time is it showing?
What date would you like?
I want to see it on the 2nd of March in Century Napa Valley.
There is only one showing and it is at 4:30 pm in Century Napa Valley and XD Theater.
What is the address of the theater? What does a ticket go for?
Its $6 per person and is located at 195 Gasser Drive.
Sounds great.
IS there anything else I can help wit?
No. That will be all.
Have a great day!
I want to eat out at Truya in San Jose.
What time would you like to book the table for?
I want to go there at 18:15
You would like a table for 2 at truya sushi in San Jose for 6:15 pm on March 1st.
I want the reservation for evening 7 on the 3rd of March.
You want the reservation for 7 pm om March 3rd.
That would be fine.
I have made the reservation.
May I have a contact number?
the number is 408-223-2497.
Is there live music and is the food cheap?
The prices are moderate and there is no live music.
Thanks a lot. I want to see a movie when I go there.
Would you like to see A madea family funeral, after or breakthrough?
A madea family funeral seems like the best choice.
Is there anything else you want me to assist you with?
What time can I see a regular show at west wind capitol drive-in.
For which date?
on the 1st of March.
I have found 1 showtime at 10:30 pm at the west wind capitol drive-in.
That would be good. That's all I need.
Enjoy your day.
I'd like to make a reservation for 3 at a restaurant in Larkspur.
Any specific restaurant in mind? What time is the reservation for?
Book me a table at Picco for half past 12 in the afternoon.
Sure. Please confirm the following for me: Booking a table for 3 people at Picco Restaurant in Larkspur on March 1st at 12:30 pm. Correct?
Yes that works for me. Do you know if they serve liquor?
Your reservation is complete. I'm sorry but they do not serve alcohol.
Ok thanks. I want to find a movie around there. Any Adventure movies playing in Imax at Century Larkspur?
I found 1 movie for you. How about Captain Marvel?
Captain Marvel sounds perfect. What time is it playing?
What day do you want to see it?
I'd like to go see it this Saturday if I can.
There's one show at 10 pm at Century Larkspur.
Cool, what's the address?
The address is 500 Larkspur Landing Circle.
Okay, sounds good.
Would you like to buy tickets now?
No, I'm not looking to purchase now. Thanks for the help.
Thank you! Have a nice day.
I'd like to make a restaurant reservation please.
What time do you want the reservation for?
Let's shoot for 11:00.
Is there a particular restaurant you had in mind?
Yes. Make a reservation at Eurasia.
What city is this located in?
Find me one in Richmond.
Before I go farther, you want a reservation for 2 at Eurasia in Richmond. It's scheduled for 11 am on March 1st.
Yes, that's perfect.
I'm sorry, but I couldn't make a reservation then. Would you like a reservation at 11:30 am for Eurasia instead? It's still for 2 people on March 1st.
Sure. That's fine too.
Okay. Your reservation has been made.
I'd also like to find a movie showing in the area.
How about Pet Sematary or The Curse of La Llorona?
The Curse of La Llorona would be a good choice.
Is there anything else you needed right now?
What time is that movie showing?
What date did you want to watch it on?
I'd like to see it tomorrow. Just a regular show.
There's a show at 11 pm at Century Hilltop 16.
What genre is this film? Also, how much would a ticket cost?
Tickets are $10 per person. The Curse of La Llorona is a Horror film.
Works for me.
Did you want to buy tickets for it now?
No, I'm okay. That's all I need at the moment.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Can you place a restaurant reservation for me?
Is there a specific restaurant on your mind?
Yes, Pastries N Chaat.
For when do you want your reservation to be?
Please book my table for quarter to 1 in the afternoon.
Can you please tell me in which city should I look?
Foster City. Make it a table for 2.
Can you please confirm that you want me to reserve a table for 2 at Pastries n Chaat in Foster City on March 1st at 12:45 pm?
Yes, that's correct.
Unfortunately I was not able to book your table. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Please try again, this time Banana Leaf, in Milpitas, at half past 12 in the afternoon.
Can you please confirm that you want me to reserve a table for 2 at Banana Leaf Restaurant in Milpitas, on March 1st at 12:30 pm.
On second thought, please make it for just one person.
Can you please confirm that your 12:30 pm reservation should be for 1 person?
Yes, that's correct.
I've successfully placed your reservation.
Can you please give me their phone number and address.
They're located at 182 Ranch Drive and you can reach them at 408-719-9811.
Thanks. Also, please find me a nice Funny movie to watch while in the area, preferably an imax show.
What do you think about Little?
Can you find me something else?
Unfortunately I couldn't find any other movies matching your criteria. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you please try again, this time searching for a Fantasy movie, regular show, at Century Great Mall?
Do you think you might like Hellboy.
Yes, actually Hellboy is awesome. Can you please tell me showtimes for the 1st.
At Century 20 Great Mall & XD there's one at 11 pm.
Sounds perfect to me!
Do you want me to get tickets for you?
No, not at the moment.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that will be all for now. Thanks for everything!
Have a great one!
Hello, I want to eat out pretty soon. Can you reserve a restaurant for me?
Sure. Give me a city, time, and, if possible, a preferred restaurant.
I want to eat at The Grill in San Jose at 12:30.
You want to book a table for 2 at The Grill on the Alley in San Jose at 12:30 pm on March 1st?
Yes, I do. What number can I call to reach them?
You can dial 408-294-2244.
That's good to know. I also want to watch a 3D movie in the area.
Sure. Breakthrough, How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World, and Little all have 3D showings.
I'd love to watch Little at CineLux Almaden on March 5th.
There's one 3D showing of Little on that day in CineLux Almaden Cinema, specifically at 1:30 pm.
Good to know. That's all I'll need.
Have yourself a wonderful day.
I would like to make a reservation at a restaurant.
Do you have a restaurant in mind? What time will the reservation be for?
The restaurant is Lapats Noodles. I want a reservation at 11:30.
In what city should I search in?
Search in SFO.
Please confirm these details: You want to reserve a table for 2 at Lapats Thai Noodles Bar located in San Francisco. The reservation will be on March 1st at 11:30 am.
Yes, that works. Do they have any live music?
Your reservation was successful. They do not have live music.
Thank you very much. I would also like to watch a movie around there, preferably at Century San Francisco Centre. I like Scary movies.
How about The Curse of La Llorona?
The Curse of La Llorona is perfect for me. What time is it available to watch?
On what date would you like to watch it?
I want to watch it on the 6th of March. I would also like it to be a 3d show.
There is 1 showtime available at the Century San Francisco Centre 9 & XD. It is at 11 pm.
That sounds good to me.
Would you like to purchase tickets?
No, not right now.
May I help you with anything else?
No, thank you for the help.
Have a great day.
I need a reservation with amalfi
what city is this in
I want it in larkspur afternoon 1:45
Please confirm your reservation for 2 people at amalfi in larkspur on march 1st at 1:45 pm
thats correct, what is their address
Their address is 455 magnolia avenue. I was unable to reserve for you on your prefer time. What about reservation with Amalfi for 2 people on march 1st at 1:30 pm
thats fine with me
your reservation is booked
Thanks, i also want to watch scary movie at century larkspur
i found 1 scary movie the curse of la llorona
curse of la llorona sound good
would you like to purchase a ticket
no not yet, what time is the show
When would you like to watch it
I want to watch it on the 1st
there is one show available at 10 pm in century larkspur
sounds good
have a nice day
I'd like to make a reservation at Regent for two people at 17:30.
Where is the restaurant located?
It is in San Fran.
I'll make a reservation for Regent Thai in San Francisco for 2 on March 1st at 5:30 pm. Is that correct?
Yes, please make the reservation. Also, is it in the fancy price range and do they make American food?
It's an inexpensive restaurant that serves Thai food. I tried to make the reservation but it's all booked. I can try to make another reservation at Regent Thai for 2 people on March 1st at 5 pm instead?
Yes, please make that reservation.
I've made the reservation.
Thanks a lot. I also want to watch an imax movie around there. Something in the Suspense genre.
Have you considered Hotel Mumbai?
Let's keep looking.
I'm sorry, there's nothing else that matches. Do you need any further help?
Let's keep looking, how about a 3d showing?
Have you considered Pet Sematary?
Pet Sematary seems really good, when's the show time?
What date are you interested in?
I'd prefer March 2nd.
There's 1 show time I've found. It's for 1:30 pm at AMC Metreon 16.
Where's the theater located and what's the ticket price?
The theater is located at 135 4th Street Suite 3000 and it is $17 per person.
Okay, that works. That's all the help I need.
Alright, take care.
Make me a restaurant reservation.
Do you have a city, time, and restaurant in mind?
Make it for six pm at 71 Saint Peter in San Jose.
You want a reservation for 2 people for 6 pm at 71 Saint Peter in San Jose on March 1st. Is that right?
That is correct. Do you know if they have live entertainment?
Your reservation is booked and they do not have live entertainment.
Find me a movie at AMC Eastridge.
Do you like Captain Marvel, Dumbo, How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World?
What else do you have?
Do you like Long Shot, Missing Link, or The Curse of La Llorona?
I want to watch Missing Link.
Shall I get you tickets?
No, not right now.
Do you need something more?
What time is it playing?
What day do you want to watch it?
I want to see it later today.
It is playing at 1 time at 9 pm in AMC Eastridge 15.
That is great. Thanks.
Have a good day.
Hi, I'd like to make a restaurant reservation in San Jose in the evening 5:30.
Any preferred restaurants?
I'd like to go to Mcdonald's.
Okay, confirming a table at Mcdonald's in San Jose for 2 people. The reservation is at 5:30 pm on March 1st.
That's great. Can I get liquor there?
The reservation has been a success. Yes, they do serve alcohol.
Can you give me their phone number? Also, do they ever have live music on?
You can reach them at 408-272-1335 and yes, they do have live music.
Thanks so much. I want to see a comedy movie around there, too.
I found A Madea Family Funeral, Little, and Long Shot.
Long Shot sounds good. What time is it playing?
Well, what day would you like to go?
I want to see it on the 9th of this month.
There's a showing at 10 pm at the AMC Eastridge 15.
Can you give me the theater's address?
It's located at 2190 Eastridge Loop.
That's perfect, I don't need anything else.
Have a nice day.
I need a table for 2 in SF for the 7th of this month.
At which time and restaurant?
Half past 5 in the evening at Sushi Rapture.
Please confirm: table for 2 at Sushi Rapture in San Francisco on March 7th at 5:30 pm.
Yes, perfect. Do they have an intermediate priced menu and live music?
Your table is reserved. They have a moderate price range and no live music.
I'm looking for movies.
Why not see Ash Is Purest White, Body Double or Captain Marvel?
Body Double please.
Do you want tickets?
Not now.
Can I help with something else?
What time is that playing? Just a regular show on March 15th.
There's 1 showtime at 9:30 pm at Alamo Drafthouse Cinema.
Sounds good, that's all.
Have a nice day.
Will you make a reservation at a restaurant?
What time?
6:30 in the evening.
Which restaurant?
Oliveto.
Which city?
Oakland.
Please confirm table for 2 at Oliveto in Oakland on March 1st at 6:30 pm.
Make that Filippi's Pizza in Napa.
Please confirm a table at Filippi's Pizza Grotto in Napa.
Great. Does it have live music?
I've made your reservation. No live music.
Thanks. Will you find me Comic movies at Century Napa Valley?
I found 1 movie. Little.
Little sounds great. Any showtime on March 1st?
I found 1 showtime. 10 pm in Century Napa Valley and XD Theater.
What's the address? Price of ticket?
195 Gasser Drive. $8 per person.
Perfect. That's all.
Have a wonderful day.
I want a reservation on March 6th at a restaurant in San Francisco.
What time?
18:30.
Is there a certain restaurant you have in mind?
Please reserve a table for 2 at Rue Lepic.
Confirm, reservation on March 6th at 6:30 pm for 2 people at Rue Lepic French Restaurant in San Francisco.
Yes, that is perfect.
Your reservation is complete.
I would also like to see a 3d comic movie at AMC Metreon.
I found 1 movie called Long Shot.
Long Shot is perfect!
Are you ready to buy tickets?
No, not yet. What time is the showing?
What date would you like to see it on?
I want to go on the 9th.
I found 1 showtime at 10 pm at AMC Metreon 16.
That is perfect.
Anything else today?
No, that is all.
Have a nice day.
I want to book a table for 1 at a restaurant on the 2nd of this month at 17:30.
Do you have a restaurant in mind? Which city should I look in?
I want to go to Tony & Alba's in San Jose.
Sure. Can I just confirm the details? You want to book a table for 1 at Tony & Alba's Pizza and Pasta in San Jose. This table should be available at 5:30 pm on March 2nd.
Yes, that will work.
Okay. I've successfully made your reservation.
Thanks a lot!
Is there anything else that you need help with?
Yes. I also want to watch one of those 3d movies around there. I think the CineLux Almaden is close by. I'd prefer a Ghost movie.
I've found 1 result that meets your needs. What do you think about The Curse of La Llorona?
The Curse of La Llorona sounds great.
Do you want me to buy tickets?
No, not at this time.
Okay. Do you need help with anything else?
Yes. What time is that movie?
When would you prefer to watch it?
Next Thursday would work out just fine.
I found 1 showing of the movie on that day. It's at 10:30 pm in the CineLux Almaden Cinema.
How much will that cost?
It costs $16 per ticket.
Okay. Where is the theater located?
The theater is located at 2306 Almaden Road.
Cool. Thanks.
Is there anything else you need?
No. Thanks for the help.
Have a great day.
I want to make a restaurant reservation. Please make it for 11:30 in the morning, March 14th at Agrodolce Osteria.
In which city?
Make it for Berkeley.
Please confirm the following the details: Booking a table for 2, March 14th, 11:30 am, at Agrodolce Osteria in Berkeley.
No, I have changed my mind, make it for Kirin.
Please confirm the following details: a reservation for 2 at Kirin Restaurant.
Yes, that works well. Do they have live music there?
Your reservation is confirmed. They do not.
Thank you!! I also want to see a movie.
I found 7 movies you may like. Captain Marvel, Dumbo, and Hellboy are playing nearby.
Hellboy is great. What time is it playing? I want to watch it in 3D at United Artists Berkeley.
What day would you like to watch it on?
On the 2nd of this month.
I found 1 showtime for you. 3:30 pm at United Artists Berkeley 7.
Sounds great.
Have a nice day!
I am planning a dinner date for tonight and could use some help making the reservation.
I can help with that. Are you interested in a particular restaurant? I also need to know the city and time of the reservation.
Oh, yes, I would love it if we are able to go to the Chaat Paradise in Mountain view at 5:15 in the evening.
Would you like to confirm a reservation for 2 at 5:15 pm, March 1st at Chaat Paradise in Mountain view?
Yes, that will work perfectly.
I am so sorry, Chaat Paradise is booked at that time. Do you want to try to a reservation for 2 at 5 pm on March 1st? Sometimes the earlier times are available.
Yes, we can probably do that.
Good news, I was able to make the reservation for 5.
We would also like to see a movie next week. We are just interested in a regular show at the Century Cinema.
There are 2 shows showing, Dumbo and Little.
Oh yeah, I really want to see Dumbo.
Would you like to reserve the tickets now?
No, I will need to make sure that my date wants to see Dumbo.
Do you need anything else today?
Yeah, what time does the movie show?
What day will you be going to the theater?
I'm hoping to have some time Tuesday next week.
It is showing 1 time at 7:30 am at Century Cinema 16.
Alright, that sounds great. That is all I need right now.
OK, have a great day!
I would like to make a lunch reservation.
What time do you prefer?
I want it at 11:00.
Do you have a preference in location and type of restaurant?
I would like Nico's 1508 in Berkeley.
Please confirm the table at Nico's 1508 in Berkeley at 11 am for 2 people on March 1st.
Great, do they offer live music?
The reservation is completed. No, they do not have live music.
OK, thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Is there a movie theater in the area? I like fantasy movies and imax.
Do you like Dumbo?
Yes, I like Dumbo.
Do you want to purchase tickets?
No, not now.
Is there anything else?
I want the movie on the 2nd of March at Shattuck Cinemas.
There is 1 showtime at 9:30 pm at Landmark's Shattuck Cinemas.
What is the cost of the ticket and what is the address?
The address is 2230 Shattuck Avenue and the tickets are $20 per person.
Great, that should do it.
Have a nice day.
Hello! I'd like to make a restaurant reservation. Can you help me?
I'd be happy to. Let's get some details out of the way first. Where are you looking for a restaurant? What type of cuisine do you prefer? When would be best for you?
I would like a reservation at Sushi Zono in Campbell for 11 o"clock in the morning.
You'd like a table for 2 on March 1st at 11 am at Sushi Zono in Campbell. Is this correct?
No, there will be four people in the party.
You need a table for 4 at Sushi Zono. Is this correct?
Yes, that is correct.
Your table has been successfully reserved.
Great. I'd like to see a Fantasy movie at Pruneyard Cinemas. I don't care what type of showing it is.
Are you interested in seeing either Dumbo or Hellboy?
I'd like to see Dumbo.
Do you want to purchase your tickets now?
No, my plans may change.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
What times is it showing on the 9th of this month?
There is 1 show time available. It is a 3 pm at Pruneyard Dine-In Cinemas.
Can you tell me the ticket price and where the theater is located?
The address is 1875 South Bascom Avenue. The tickets cost $14.
That sounds fine.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you for the assistance.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I'd like to make a restaurant reservation.
In what city?
In San Jose. At Seven Restaurant.
For what time?
Seven pm on the 8th of March.
To confirm, you would like a table for 2 at Seven Restaurant & Lounge in San Jose on March 8th at 7 pm.
Yes that'll work.
Your reservation is booked.
Thanks. I'd like to watch a movie in the area too.
Would you like A Madea Family Funeral, After, or Breakthrough?
Anything else?
There's also Captain Marvel, Dogman, or Dumbo.
What time could I watch Dogman?
What date are you wanting to watch it?
On the 10th.
There's 1 showtime at 9 pm at 3 Below Theaters and Lounge.
What genre is it?
It's a drama movie.
Perfect. Thank you.
Have a great day.
I would like to reserve a table to three at 5:15 pm today.
In which city should I search?
I would like something in San Jose for 1:45 in the afternoon.
Do you have a preferred restaurant?
Yes, I would like to go at Black Angus.
Table for 3 at Black Angus Steakhouse at 1:45 pm on March 1st in San Jose.
That is correct. What type of food do they serve and are they pricey?
The price is moderate. The Steakhouse serves multiple kind of foods. Would you like your reservation for 3 at Black Angus Steakhouse on March 1st at 1:30 pm?
Yes, that works for me.
Your reservation was made.
I would want to watch a movie at CineLux Almaden.
There is 6 movies. How about Breakthrough, Dumbo or Hellboy?
I would like to watch a imax show at Cinemark.
There is 1 movie, The Mustang.
I would like to watch The Mustang on Saturday this week.
There is 1 showtime at 3 pm in Cinemark USA.
Yes, that sounds good.
Would you like to purchase tickets?
No, I do not want to purchase a ticket.
Have a good day.
I want to make a restaurant reservation.
What time? What restaurant?
Myriad at 17:45.
What city?
Sf.
Please confirm, reservation for 2 at Myriad Gastropub in San Francisco on March 1st at 5:45 pm.
Yes, that is good.
Sorry, no reservation available. Let's try reservation for 2 at Myriad Gastropub in San Francisco on March 1st at 6 pm.
That is fine.
Your reservation is complete.
Thanks, I want to see a movie too at Marina Theatre.
Hellboy or Shazam?
Hellboy.
Are you ready to buy tickets?
No, not now.
Anything else today?
What time is the showing?
What day do you want to go?
on the 1st.
1 showtime at 8 pm at Marina Theatre.
Cool, that is all.
Have a nice day.
I would like reservations for San Fran at 18:45.
Is there a preference of restaurant?
The reservation is for 1 person at Clay Oven.
Please confirm that you'd like a table at Clay Oven Indian Restaurant in San Francisco at 6:45 pm for 1 on March 1st.
Yes, that would work.
Sorry, I couldn't make the reservation. Clay Oven Indian Restaurant is a nice restaurant. Would that work for 1 person on March 1st at 6:30 pm?
Yes, that is good.
The reservation is a success.
I would like to watch a movie around there.
I have 10 movies including Ash is Purest White, Body Double, or Captain Marvel.
Please find some other movies.
What about Citizen Kane, Dogman, or Dumbo?
Dumbo would be great. What time is it available? I would like to watch it at AMC Metreon on the 5th of this month. Any show is great.
There is a how at 4 pm in AMC Metreon 16.
That sounds great.
Would you like to purchase tickets?
No, I don't want any now to purchase.
Can I be of assistance with anything else?
No thanks for everything.
Have a great day.
Can you help me book a reservation at a restaurant on the 9th of March?
Sure, which restaurant?
It's called Gibson.
What time do you want to dine there?
Half past 5 in the evening would be great.
Okay, and what's the city?
It's in San Fran.
Okay, please confirm that you'd like me to book a table for 2 at Gibson in San Francisco at 5:30 pm on March 9th.
Yes, that's great. Can I have their phone number, and is it expensive?
I've booked your reservation. They are in the moderate price range and can be reached at 415-771-7709.
I'd also like to see a movie nearby.
Okay, how about Ash is Purest White, Body Double, or Captain Marvel?
Nah, anything else playing?
Yes, there's also Citizen Kane, Dogman, or Dumbo.
Please search for a regular showing of a non-fiction movie.
Would you like to see JT LeRoy?
JT LeRoy is great, what time is it playing?
What date should I search for showtimes?
Check on next Wednesday.
It's playing at the Roxie Theater at 7 pm next Wednesday.
Great, what's their address and how much is a ticket?
Their address is 3117 16th St and its $16 a ticket.
Sounds good to me.
Anything else you need?
Nope, thank you.
No problem, have a good day.
I'm looking for a bite in San Rafael. 3 people for 19:15.
Do you have a restaurant in mind?
Lotus Chaat should hit the spot.
3 for Lotus Chaat And Spices at 7:15 pm on March 1st in San Rafael. Do I have that right.
You got it. Is this place low-cost?
Lotus Chaat And Spices is in the moderate price range. But they have nothing for that slot. How about 3 for 7:30 pm on March 1st instead?
Yeah, try that.
Done. You are booked.
Hey, any movies around there.
I see Blackmail - Cinemix Par Chloe. Or maybe Captain Marvel? Perhaps High Life?
Anything in Imax?
There's Missing Link and Wild Nights with Emily.
How about a drama instead.
There's 1. The Mustang.
The Mustang fits the bill. When does it start? Is is playing at Century Regency?
What date you thinking.
March 2nd sounds good.
There's a 7:30 pm show at Century Regency.
Cool. I'm all good.
Take care.
Can you please help me make a reservation for three people at Lotus Garden?
In what city do you want this reservation?
In SFO please.
At what time would you like the reservation?
At 6 pm please.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a reservation for 3 at Lotus Garden Vietnamese Cuisine in San Francisco at 6 pm on March 1st.
No, can you please make it for 1 at 5 pm.
Please confirm the following: The reservation is for 1 at 5 pm.
Yes, that is correct. Do they have live music?
Your reservation is successful. They do not have live music.
Can you help me locate a 3d movie around there?
How is Citizen Kane, Dogman or Long Shot?
Citizen Kane is perfect.
Can I help you with anything else?
What time can I watch it? Is is available on Saturday this week?
I found 1 showtime at 7:30 pm at the Vogue Theatre.
That sounds good, thank you. That is all I need.
Have a great day.
I'd like to book a San Jose restaurant for 3.
At what time will that be?
It'll be at 5:30 pm.
Do you have a certain restaurant in mind?
Yes. Maggiano's Little Italy.
Alright then, so you want to book a table for 3 at Maggiano's Little Italy in San Jose at 5:30 pm on March 1st?
Yes, that's fine by me.
I have booked your table.
What type of food is there?
Like the name implies, it's an Italian restaurant.
Thanks. I also want to watch a movie, preferably a 3D horror movie at CineLux Almaden.
Would The Curse of La Llorona interest you?
Yes, The Curse of La Llorona would be interesting.
Want to get tickets now?
Not now. When can I watch it on the 3rd?
I found 1 showtime on that day. It'll play at 10:30 pm in CineLux Almaden Cinema.
How much will a ticket cost?
It'll cost $16 a person.
That sounds good to me.
Can I assist you any further?
Not now. Thanks for helping.
Have yourself an excellent day.
I'd like to make a reservation at La Folie restaurant.
What time would you like to make a reservation for and where is the restaurant located?
The restaurant is in SFO and I'd like to book for a quarter to 5 in the evening.
Okay so you would like to book a table for 2 at La Folie in San Francisco at 4:45 pm on March 1st.
That's correct.
Unfortunately I have not been able to make your booking. Shall I try and book a reservation for 2 people at La Folie at 5 pm on March 1st instead?
Sure.
Your booking has been confirmed.
Is it an expensive place and where is it located?
The prices are very expensive and their address is 2316 Polk Street.
Thanks for your help. I'd like to watch a movie at Alamo Drafthouse Cinema while I'm there.
Would you like to watch Body Double, Mikey and Nicky or Say Anything?
I'm looking for Suspense movies at the AMC Metreon if possible.
I have found 1 movie that meets your criteria. Would you like to watch Pet sematary?
Yes, Pet Sematary would be perfect.
Do you need help with anything else?
What time is it on?
When would you like to watch it?
On the 2nd if possible.
The AMC Metreon 16 has one showing at 1:30 pm.
That's great. don't need help with anything else.
Enjoy your day.
I'm hungry. I want to book a table at a restaurant.
At what time would that be?
It'd be at 5:15 pm.
Give me a city to search, and a preferred restaurant, if any.
I'd like to eat at Amber in SF.
Sure thing. I'll go ahead and book a table for 2 at Amber in San Francisco at 5:15 pm on March 1st, if that's okay with you.
That's good with me. As for the address?
The address is 25 Yerba Buena Lane. Very sorry. I couldn't reserve the table! I can still get you a seat for 2 at Amber, it'll just instead have to be on March 1st at 5:30 pm.
Sure, that's fine with me.
I successfully booked the table for you.
Can I get liquor there?
No, you cannot.
Thanks for the help.
Can I help you out any further?
Yes. I want to watch a movie in the area.
I found 10 movies. Do any of Ash Is Purest White, Body Double, or Captain Marvel appeal to you?
Yes! I'd love to watch Captain Marvel.
Want to get tickets right now?
No, not now.
Can I help you out further?
I'd like to know when I can watch a regular showing of Captain Marvel.
On what date?
I want to see what's available tomorrow.
It'll play at 4 pm in Century San Francisco Centre 9 & XD.
Good to know. I need no further assistance right now.
Have a great day.
I need to book a table at Sheba Piano in SF the 6th of this month.
Which time?
13:00.
Please confirm: table for 2 at Sheba Piano Lounge in San Francisco at 1 pm on March 6th.
Yes, perfect.
I couldn't make that reservation. I could try a table for 2 at Sheba Piano Lounge for 12:30 pm on March 6th.
Yes, try it.
Your table is booked.
Thanks. I'd like to watch a movie.
I see 10 options. How does Ash Is Purest White, Body Double or Captain Marvel sound?
Body Double sounds good.
Anything else you need?
What time is that on? I want to see it the 15th. Any genre is fine.
There's a showing at 9:30 pm at Alamo Drafthouse Cinema.
Sounds good.
Would you like tickets?
No, not for now, thanks.
Have a nice day.
I want to book a table at a restaurant. Do it for morning 11:45.
Which city? Is there a restaurant you want to go to?
In SF. It's called B Star.
Please confirm the booking details: Booking a table for 2 at B Star, March 1st, 11:45 am in San Francisco.
No, I want it on March 8th. Where did you get March 1st from?
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table B Star for March 8th.
Yes, do they have beer and live music?
They do not serve alcoholic beverages. And there is no live music. Sorry, the reservation did not go through. Shall I try again at B Star? I will make it for 2 on March 8th at 11:30 am.
Yes, that is great.
Your reservation has gone through!
I want to watch a 3d movie at a place near the restaurant.
I found 10 movies. Would you like to see Citizen Kane, Long Shot, or Dogman?
Nope I like Adventure movies.
I found 1 film. Shazam! is playing.
Shazam, I want to see it! What time is it playing? I want to watch it at AMC Metreon.
What day do you want to see the movie?
Change the theatre to Balboa Theatre. Make it for Saturday this week.
There is a show at 4 pm at Balboa Theatre.
How much does it cost? What's the address?
It costs $15 per person and is located at 3630 Balboa Street.
Sounds great.
Can I help you with another task?
No thanks, I'm fine.
Have a wonderful day!
I need to grab a bite out.
I'll make a reservation. Details?
Eleven AM at Wildfox in Novato.
Table for 2 at Wildfox Restaurant in Novato at 11 am On March 1st. Correct?
Yes, thats right.
You are booked.
Great. Any good movies around there?
Well, you got Captain Marvel, Dumbo, and pet Sematary.
Nah. What else?
The Curse of La Llorona.
The Curse of La Llorona? Yeah, I could go for that.
So, buy the tikets?
Negative. What time is the 3d show?
For what date?
For later today.
There's 1 show. 10:30 pm at Century Rowland Plaza.
How much will this cost? Is this a comedy or what?
It will set you back $25 a pop. Its a Horror flick.
Ok. I'm down with that.
Great. What else?
Nothing. I'm set.
Speak with you later then.
I wish to have a reservation at a Ace Wasabi restaurant in San Francisco.
When will be the booking time?
I wish to reserve for one person on 1st of March. Confirm it at 7 o"clock in the evening.
Kindly ensure that, on March 1st, the reservation for 1 person is done at Ace Wasabi Rock-n-roll Sushi in San francisco. It will be at 7 pm.
Yes. it is good for me.
Your booking is done.
What is their contact number? What is the price?
The rate will be moderate and their number if 415-567-4903.
Thank you so much. I wish to see the movie around there. I love Biographical movies.
I searched and found 2 movies. What is your opinion about JT LeRoy or Searching for Sugar Man?
Searching for Sugar Man is nice. What is the watching time? I wish to see it on Balboa Theatre on March 2nd. Any kind of show is good.
There is a show in Balboa Theatre at 7:30 pm.
It is good.
Shall I buy tickets?
Nope. I am not ready to book it now. That is what I need?
Have a wonderful day.
I want to make a restaurant reservation please!
What time is it for? Do you have a restaurant you'd like to go to?
Yes I want to go to Lisa's and make it for 17:30.
Which city should I look in?
I want to go to Napa. Change my mind and want to eat at the restaurant called Pasta Prego. Make it for March 6th.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table for 2 at Pasta Prego, March 6th, at 5:30 pm in Napa.
Yes that works for me.
Your reservation went through!
I want to see a movie nearby.
What do think of After, Captain Marvel, or Hellboy?
Those don't appeal to me.
Would you like to see Little?
Little is good.
Do you want tickets?
No, not at the moment.
May help you with a different task?
What time is the movie available?
On what day?
On the 1st.
I found 1 showtime for you. It's playing at 10 pm at the Century Napa Valley and XD Theater.
What kind of movie is it?
It's a comedy.
Thank you, that's all I wanted.
Have a great day!
I am in a small plan to eat food outside for which I need to search for a restaurant for 1 person. Can you help me to search for?
Yes, definitely I will help you. Is there any particular restaurant in you mind? let me know it to search accordingly.
I think Suraj Restaurant is comfortable to me.
in Which City?
I need to reserve is at Redwood city.
I need some more information to book the table. Please let me know the time of reservation that you want to book?
book it at 11:15.
Please confirm to book a table for 1 at Suraj Indian Cuisine in Redwood City on March 1st at 11:15 am.
That is confirmed to proceed.
Sorry, Unfortunately I could not make the reservation as per your wish. Shall I try it for some other time at 11 am on the same day March 1st for 1 person because Suraj Indian Cuisine is the nice place to eat.
Okay, go ahead.
Your table was booked at that time.
Can you search for a movie to watch around that place and I can adjust with any type of movie.
Found 6 movies that suit you. What about movies like After, Dumbo and Little? Any choice?
I will go with After.
Shall I book tickets for that movie now?
No, not now. Let me know the show time of that movie on 1st of March.
Found 1 show time at 10 pm in Century Redwood City Downtown 20 & XD.
That is perfect.
Any more help you need?
No, thank you for all.
Have a great day.
Im looking for a restaurant reservation on the 14th.
Which restaurant and what time?
I like Billy Berk's located in San Jose. 6:30 in the evening is perfect.
I will make a reservation for 2 at Billy Berk's in San Jose March 14th at 6:30 pm with your permission.
Permission granted.
The reservation is set.
Great.
Do you need further assistance?
Yes, an imax Fantasy movie at CineLux Almaden also please.
Would Hellboy work?
Hellboy is fine.
Can I purchase tickets?
Not now, thanks. What are the show times.
Which date?
The 2nd of March.
The CineLux Almaden Cinema has 1 show at 4:30 pm.
I see. I am done for now.
See you later.
I am planning on celebrating and would like to book a suitable restaurant for the occasion. Can you finalize my table booking?
Is there a specific restaurant you would like me to reserve, and do you have a time in mind for the booking?
I would like to reserve a table at Aatxe for 7 o"clock in the evening, please
And what is the location of the restaurant?
The restaurant is located in San Francisco
So to confirm, you would like reservations for 2 at Aatxe in San Francisco on March 1st at 7 pm.
That is incorrect. The reservation is for four people at Lapats Noodles
Again, confirming that you would like a reservation for 4 people at Lapats Thai Noodles Bar
Yes, that's perfect! Can you tell me if the restaurant is reasonably priced? And also, what is the exact location of the restaurant?
Your table has been successfully confirmed. The restaurant's prices are considered moderate and they are located at 601 Larkin Street
Excellent, thanks! I was also hoping to catch a movie while out at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. Can you find me something in the Drama genre.
There is 1 movie matching your preference, Red Joan.
Red Joan works great!
Shall I assist you with purchasing tickets to this movie?
No thanks, not at this time. What are the show times for the movie on the 8th of this month? I would like to ideally go to the 3d showing that day.
There is currently 1 showtime listed for that movie at 9:30 pm for the Landmark's Embarcadero Center Cinema
And what is the ticket price?
The ticket is $18 for one adult
And what is the exact location for the cinema?
The cinema is located at 1 Embarcadero Center.
Great, that works perfectly!
Will there be anything additional?
No, that's everything I need. Thanks!
Enjoy the rest of your day.
My best friend and I want to grab something to eat. Please help me make a reservation at a restaurant.
Any particular city I should search in? Is there a restaurant you'd prefer? For what time should I make the reservation?
Please make a 17:30 reservation at Noodles And Company in San Ramon.
Sure, no problem. Let me see if I got everything correctly: You'd like to book a table for 2 people at 5:30 pm at Noodles And Company in San Ramon, on March 1st.
That is correct. Please give me their contact number.
I have successfully made your reservation. Their contact number is 925-275-8105.
While there, I'd like to watch a movie, preferable a Musical.
What do you think about Teen Spirit?
Teen Spirit would be perfect to watch at THE LOT City Center. Please let me know the times it's showing.
Which day would you like to watch it?
I'd like to watch a 3d show on the 2nd.
There's 1 showtime for the movie, that is 5 pm in THE LOT City Center.
Sounds perfect!
Would you like to purchase tickets for the movie?
Not right away, thanks. That will be all.
Thank you, and have a great day!
I want to book a table at a restaurant. Make it for eight in the night.
For which city?
In Concord.
Do you have restaurant you would like dine at?
The restaurant is La Fritanguera.
Please confirm the booking details: Booking a table for 2 people at La Fritanguera, March 1st, at 8 pm in Concord.
Yes, please do it.
Sorry the reservation didn't go through. Can I help you with another task?
Try it again please. This time make it for 6 pm at the Bronze Buddha.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table for 2 at the Bronze Buddha, March 1st, at 6 pm in Concord.
Yes. What is their phone number?
The reservation was successful! Their number is 925-524-0768.
And I want to see a movie nearby the eatery.
Captain Marvel, Dumbo, and Little are playing nearby.
What else is there? I want to watch an Imax film.
Shazam! is playing in Imax.
Shazam is what I want to see! What time is it playing?
What day do want to see it?
On the 5th of this month. Make it for Veranda LUXE Cinema.
I found 1 showtime. It's at 9 pm at the Veranda LUXE Cinema & IMAX.
Sounds great. That's all I want.
Have a wonderful day!
I would like to book a table at a restaurant.
At which restaurant?
Make it for Chouquet's.
In which city?
Search SFO please.
At what time do you want to arrive?
Book it for a quarter to 1 in the afternoon.
Please confirm the booking details: Booking a table for 2 at Chouquet's in San Francisco, March 1st at 12:45 pm.
Yes, that's what I want.
Sorry the reservation did not go through. Shall I try again at Chouquet's? I will make it for 2 people on March 1st at 1 pm.
Yes, please do.
Your reservation is complete.
Thank you so very much!
May I help you with another request?
Yes, I want to watch a movie near the restaurant.
Ash Is Purest White, Body Double, and Captain Marvel are playing nearby.
Please find something else. Any kind of movie is okay.
I found 7 other movies. Would you like to watch Citizen Kane, Dogman, or Dumbo?
No. Find some other movies.
Maybe you will like Family, Gloria Bell, or Hellboy.
Hellboy is great! The main character looks interesting. What time is it playing?
What day would you like to watch it?
On the 2nd of this month.
It's playing at 1:30 pm at the Century San Francisco Centre 9 & XD.
What is the address and what type of movie is it?
It's a fantasy movie. The address is 835 Market Street.
Sounds great.
Do you want tickets?
No, not right now. I need to see if Betty wants to watch it.
May I help you with another task?
No thanks, I am good.
Have a wonderful day!
I want to make a reservation at a restaurant on 8th of March.
Which city would you like me to search in?
I want to find something in San Francisco.
What time do you want the reservation for? Do you have a particular
Make it for evening 6:30, the restaurant Rose Pistola.
Let's confirm the details. Booking a table for 2 people at Rose Pistola in San Francisco. The reservation is at 6:30 pm on March 8th.
Yeah that works great for me.
I have made the reservation.
Great thanks a bunch. I want to watch a movie near there too.
What about Ash Is Purest White, Body Double or Captain Marvel?
Captain Marvel sounds great to me. What time is it on? Is it on at Century San Francisco Centre. I want to watch it on March 2nd.
There is one show at 4 pm at Century San Francisco Centre 9 & XD.
That sounds great thanks very much.
Would you like to buy the tickets now?
No, not now thank you.
Can I get you anything else?
No, that will be it.
Have a great meal.
I want to make a restaurant reservation.
In which city should I search or do you want me to search in a preferred restaurant?
Please check The Pullman in Santa Rosa at quarter past 1 in the afternoon.
Please confirm you want me to book a table for 2 at The Pullman Kitchen in Santa Rosa on March 1st at 1:15 pm.
Actually, for March 8th.
Please confirm you want me to book a table on March 8th at 1:15 pm.
Yes. Is this in the lavish price range?
The Pullman Kitchen is in the moderate price range. I'm sorry your reservation was snot successful. Would you like me to make a reservation for March 8th at 1 pm for a party of 2 instead.
Yes, that's perfect.
Your table has been reserved.
Is there live music?
No. There is no live music.
Thanks. Is there a regular show with a Ghost movie nearby?
The Curse of La Llorona is 1 movie I found.
That's great. When is The Curse of La Llorona showing time?
On which date?
Search the 7th of this month.
There is 1 showtime at 9:30 pm at Airport Stadium 12.
That sounds awesome.
Would you like to book tickets?
No. Not right now.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. That's it.
Okay. Please enjoy your day.
I'd like a restaurant reservation.
Which restaurant and in which city would you like to reserve?
I would like Risibisi in Petaluma at the evening 5:45.
Please confirm for 2 people at 5:45 pm on March 1st at Risibisi in Petaluma at the evening 5:45.
Yes, that is fine.
I wasn't able to reserve. How about 2 people on March 1st at 5:30 pm at Risibisi?
Yes, that will be fine.
The reservation is a success.
What would be their contact number and is there live music?
The phone number is 707-766-7600.
Thanks so much for your help.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
I would like to watch a movie around there.
I have 5 movies including Captain Marvel, Little, or Missing Link.
Can I watch Captain Marvel? That is great.
What date are you looking at watching it?
I would like to watch it Monday next week.
There is a show at 8 pm at boulevard 14 cinema.
That sounds great.
Do you want to buy tickets?
No, I don't want to buy any now. That's all I want.
Have a great day.
I would like to eat somewhere
In which city? What kind of food would you like to eat?
In SF. I'd like some Mediterranean food
In San Francisco there's Barcha
What other restaurants are there?
In San Francisco there's also Boulibar
Ok, I like it! I want to watch a movie at Clay Theatre
Would you like Ramen Shop?
Yes, Ramen Shop is fine! It's all, thank you!
Have a great day
Can you help me find a god place to eat?
What kind of cuisine are you looking for, Italian, chinese or something else
I would like to have parisian food
Which city are you searching for?
I am looking for it in San fran
I have found 10 places in San Francisco for you. How does amelie san francisco sound?
No, how about something in san jose instead. There isn't a price preference.
Emile's in san jose is a great place
Cool. I want to watch a movie around there.
You can choose from a madea family funeral, after and breakthrough
After would be great. That would be all for now. Thanks.
Have a great time!
I'm looking for a restaurant.
Would you like Chinese, Indian or something else? In which city are you located?
I would like some Pizza in the city of San Jose.
There are 10 restaurants in San Jose. Al Castello Ristorante is nice.
Where are they located and do they have live music?
They do not have live music. They are located at 2083 Camden Avenue.
Could you find another restaurant?
Angelo's Italian Restaurant is located in San Jose.
Can you find a restaurant that serves alcohol?
Antonella's Ristorante is located in San Jose.
Yes, that works for me. I would like to watch a regular show at AMC Eastridge.
I found 3 movies. There is Captain Marvel, Dumbo or Missing Link?
Missing link is perfect.
Have a good day.
I'd like an expensive place to eat that serves alcohol.
Sure, which city and would you been interested in American or Mexican?
San Francisco and any sort of California food would be great.
How about Grill at the St. Regis in San Francisco?
Is there live music and where are they located?
No live music and 125 3rd Street.
Perfect, thanks.
Shall I make a reservation?
No
Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I'd like to watch a movie in that area.
Does Ash is Purest White, Body Double or Captain Marvel interest you?
Captain Marvel please. Thanks.
Enjoy your day.
I'm starved! I need to find an eatery.
In what city?
Something in San Francisco.
Any specific type of food?
Yeah. I'd love to have some ramen.
Sure thing. I found 10 restaurants in San Francisco that suit your needs. I personally recommend 2g Japanese Brasserie.
That sounds good.
Want to book a table right now?
No, not now.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yeah. I want to watch an IMAX War movie at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
Thoughts on The Aftermath?
The Aftermath is fantastic! That's all I need from you.
Have a nice day.
I think I'm going to treat myself to a movie and dinner night. Can you find me a restaurant that serves Pasta that is moderate priced?
Sure, in what city?
Anywhere in SFO is fine.
Ok, I found 10 restaurants you might like in San Francisco. How about 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano?
Do they serve liquor, and what's their number?
Yes, they have alcohol. Their number is 415-543-5100.
Ok, that sounds good. Can you also look up movies that are playing around there?
Sure, I found 10 options. The most popular ones are Ash Is Purest White, Body Double, and Captain Marvel.
Oh, I've heard good things about Body Double.
Do you want to buy tickets?
No, I'll buy them later.
Anything else I can do?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Sure, have a good day.
I want some intermediate priced Cambodian food.
What city?
Oakland.
Holy Basil Pho is located in Oakland.
Do they have alcohol?
Yes, they do.
Yes, that is perfect.
Are you ready to make a reservation?
No, not yet. I want to find a movie to see.
I found Breakthrough, Dr. Strangelove, and Fighting with My Family.
Dr. Strangelove is perfecto.
Are you ready to buy tickets?
No, not now.
Anything else?
No, that is all.
Have a nice day.
I'm meeting a friend later to go out to eat. Can you help me find a restaurant that serves Latin American food around Oakland?
Sure! You should check out Agave Uptown, it's a nice restaurant in Oakland.
Great, what's their address?
They're located at 2135 Franklin Street.
Are they expensive and do they play live music?
They have a moderate price range, and they don't have live music.
Okay, can you look for some Italian restaurants?
I found a nice restaurant in Oakland called A16.
What about any others?
How about Belotti Ristorante E Bottega located in Oakland?
Yeah that sounds great. Can you recommend any good movies to see around that area?
Sure, how about checking out Breakthrough, Dr. Strangelove or Fighting with My Family?
Cool, Fighting with My Family sounds good. Thanks, that's all I needed.
Okay, have a nice day!
I am feeling hungry, so I need to find a place to eat.
Is there a specific kind of food you want the restaurant to serve, and which city do you want the restaurant to be located at?
I am okay with the Burger type of food. I want the restaurant to be in San Fran.
There are 10 restaurants which match what you want. One of the restaurants is 1760, which is a good restaurant in San Francisco.
That suits me well. I think I will also watch a movie around there, more exactly I want to watch a 3d movie at AMC Metreon.
How would you consider watching Long Shot, Pet Sematary or Shazam! ?
I would like to watch Pet Sematary.
Do you want to buy tickets for this film?
No, I am not in need of buying the tickets now. That would be all.
Have a good time!
I need to find something to do on this date coming up. Can you look up restaurants in Palo Alto for me?
Sure, what type of food? Like Indian, Mexican, or something else?
I've been craving Japanese food.
I found 6 Japanese restaurants in Palo Alto. How about Fuki Sushi?
Hm, maybe. What's their address and number?
They're at 4119 El Camino real, and their number is 650-494-9383.
Cool, that sounds good. Maybe we'll see a movie before eating also. Can you see what's playing?
There are 2 movies playing around there that day. How about Pillow Talk or The Man Who Knew Too Much?
I've heard good things about Pillow Talk.
Do you want tickets?
No, I'll get those later.
Ok, anything else I can do then?
No, that's all for now. Thanks.
Sure, have a good day.
Im searching for a place to eat
What's your preferred kind of food like Chinese or Italian like that
Some deli kind will be great
In which city you want
Make it Martinez
There is 1 restaurant named McDonald's which is a good restaurant located in Martinez
Will they serve liquor
No they dont
Do they have live music
Yes they do play live music
Great with me. I want to search movie there like comedy movies with a 3d ahow
I have 2 movies one is Little and other is missing link
Little is great that's all I need
Have a great day
Can you please help me find me a good restaurant?
In which city are you planning to dine and do you have any preferred cuisines?
I'd love to have Parisian food in SF.
May I recommend the Amelie San Francisco restaurant which is a very nice restaurant in San Francisco?
That sounds like a good one.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you find me a 3d movie that I can watch at the Roxie Theater?
Are you interested in watching Penguin Highway?
I have always wanted to watch Penguin Highway. Thank you. That's all I need for now.
Have a great day!
I'm hungry, let's find something to eat!
No problem, let's find the perfect spot. Would you prefer Mexican, Indian or something else? Which city should I search.
Search in Alameda for Pizza and Pasta places.
I have 3 options for you. How about C'era Una Volta in Alameda?
Ok, that will work!
Should I reserve a table for you?
No, I don't need that.
Alright, is there anything else I can help with?
Find out if any Fantasy imax movies are playing in that area.
Yes, I show Dumbo or Hellboy both showing.
More options please.
I apologize, but unfortunately there is no other options available. Can I do another search for you?
No, that's ok.
Alright, have a great day.
Will you find some Asian Fusion?
Which city?
SFO.
Atami Sushi Bar & Grill in San Francisco.
Great. Will you find a movie around there?
I found 10. Ash is Purest White, Body Double or Captain Marvel?
Ash Is Purest White.
Want to buy tickets?
No. That's all.
Have a great day.
Assistant, help me find a good place to grab a bite to eat.
What type of cuisine are you in the mood for?
Let's try something new. Please find restaurants with Cantonese dishes please.
What city do you wish to search?
I'm looking for places to get food in Palo Alto.
There are 5 restaurants with Cantonese dishes in Palo Alto. I recommend Chef Zhao Kitchen.
Tell me if they serve alcohol.
Chef Zhao Kitchen does not serve alcohol at their establishment.
That works out just fine for me.
I'm glad to hear that. Would you like to reserve a table at this establishment?
No thank you. I just wanted to know about Cantonese dishes in the area.
Do you require any more help right now?
I want to watch a Drama movie in that area as well. Find me a regular show at the Stanford Theatre.
I have found 1 movie for you. Would The Man Who Knew Too Much be to your liking?
The Man Who Knew Too Much is exactly the type of film I'd like to watch.
Do you wish for me to purchase the tickets at this time?
Not right now Assistant. That's all I'll be needing for the time being. Thank you.
You are quite welcome. Have a wonderful day.
I'm hungry. Can you look for a restaurant in San Ramon which is not very costly?
Sure. What type of cuisine do you want? Italian? Indian? Something else?
Veggie food would be great.
I see 1 place in San Ramon you might like: Favorite Indian Restaurant.
Any live music there?
No.
What's their phone number?
925-560-9310.
Sounds good.
Should I book you a seat?
No, thank you.
Do you need assistance with anything else?
Can you tell me what movies are playing at THE LOT City Center?
Breakthrough, Captain Marvel, and Dumbo.
Anything else?
Also, Hellboy, Little, and Missing Link.
I'd love to see Little.
Should I purchase tickets for you?
No, I'm not getting the tickets yet. I don't need anything else.
Enjoy your day.
I am interested in finding a place to eat. I would like a place that serves alcohol.
What is the city you want me to look in? What is the type of food you are interested in?
Italian food would be perfect and I would like it in Los Gatos.
I have located 2 restaurants, one is a nice restaurant called Gallo's in Los Gatos.
Can you give me their address?
Yes, the address is 14180 Blossom Hill Road.
Can you tell me how pricey their food is?
The price range there is moderate.
Yes, that is fine with me.
Would you like a reservation for a table there?
No, I don't wish to do that, however I would like to see a movie around there.
I located 2 movies. What do you think of Shazam! or The Mustang?
The Mustang sounds great. That's all I was needing.
Have a wonderful day.
I want to find a restaurant.
What kind of cuisine are you craving - Italian, Mexican say whatever you want. Where should I look?
I would really enjoy some Sushi. I will be dining in Oakland.
This has been called an enjoyable place to eat and it is in Oakland its called Ginza | Japanese Sushi Restaurant.
That sounds like it would be wonderful.
Should I get a table for you?
No, I'd rather not make a reservation right now.
Are there other tasks for me to complete?
Actually, I was thinking about going to a movie while I was there.
These three would be playing - Breakthrough, Dr. Strangelove and Fighting with My Family.
I've been wanting to see Dr. Strangelove - perfect. Bye for now.
Have a fantastic day.
Will you find me a place to eat?
Which city? What kind of food? Chinese, Mexican or something else?
Spicy Noodles in Palo Alto.
I found 3 restaurants. One of them is Lotus Thai Bistro in Palo Alto.
Great.
You want to reserve a table?
No. Will you find a movie around there?
Pillow Talk or The Man Who Knew Too Much?
Pillow Talk.
Want to buy tickets?
No.
Anything else?
No, thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
I need a place to eat that is American and inexpensive.
What city should I search?
I would like SFO.
Chaparral is a great restaurant in San Francisco.
Can I suggest something more pricey for a restaurant.
I have 10 restaurants including 1760 which is in San Francisco.
Yes, that will be fine.
Do you want to reserve a table.
No, I don't need to do that.
Can I assist you with anything else?
I would like to watch a mystery movie like a regular show called the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema.
I see 1 movie called Body Double.
Body Double would be great. That is all.
Have a great day.
I forgot I need to plan this date night. Can you see if there's an Italian place nearby with a moderate price range?
Sure, in what city?
It'll be in San Francisco.
Ok, I found 10 moderately priced Italian restaurants in San Francisco. What do you think of 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano?
What's the address and phone number?
They're at 16 Mint Plaza, and their number is 415-543-5100.
Ok, that sounds good. I think we're going to watch a movie around there also. Can you see what's playing?
Sure. It looks like Ash Is Purest White, Body Double, and Captain Marvel are all playing there.
Body Double sounds great. Thanks for the info! That's all for now.
Sure, have a good day.
I want to find a place to eat in Sonoma.
What sort of food are you looking for? You could say Chinese, Italian or something else.
Pizza would be good.
I have 5 restaurants. Della Santina's is a good restaurant in sonoma.
What is the contact number and is live music available?
The phone number is 707-935-0576. There is no live music.
Could you suggest something else?
What about Meritage Martini Oyster Bar & Grille? That is a good restaurant in Sonoma.
That is fine for me.
Do you want to reserve a table?
No, thank you. I would like to watch a movie around there.
I have 4 movies. What about Little, Long Shot or Pet Sematary?
Little is great. That is all I need for now.
Have a great day.
What's a nice place to dine?
Where?
SFO please.
ny particular food type?
I like Latin American dishes.
One of 8 found in San Francisco is Alegrias.
Is there alcoholic beverages or live music?
Neither is available there.
That will be fine.
I can get you a reservation if you like?
Not right now.
Do you need further help?
A good movie in the area.
Ash Is Purest White, Body Double and Captain Marvel are choices out of the 10 found.
I like Ash Is Purest White.
Can I get you tickets?
Not at the moment. I will catch you later.
See you later.
I'm hungry. Can you find me a restaurant in Berkeley? Preferably, a place with live music.
Sure. What type of cuisine do you feel like having? American? Mexican? Something else?
A coffeehouse would be great.
How about McDonald's? It's in Berkeley.
Good enough. I also want to see a movie.
Captain Marvel, Dumbo, and Hellboy are airing right now.
I'd love to see Dumbo.
Shall I purchase a ticket for you?
No, I'm not going now. Thanks for your help.
Enjoy your day.
I am looking for cheap food in San Francisco.
What kind of food like Mexican or Indian?
I like to eat Szcheuan food.
In San Francisco, Alice's is good.
Yes, I accept that.
Did you want a table?
Not yet, I am looking for a Drama 3d movie at Embarcadero Center Cinema.
I have Red Joan.
How about something else?
Sorry, no other matches available?
How about Comedy imax at Opera Plaza?
I have Gloria Bell.
Yes, I like Gloria Bell.
Did you want tickets?
Not yet, that is all today.
Have a great day.
I want to go out to eat. I'd like to try a pasta restaurant in SF.
I found 10 such places. You could try 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in San Francisco.
Can you search for other affordable options, places which serve alcohol.
You could try A16, that's a nice restaurant in San Francisco.
What's the address and contact number?
It's located at 2355 Chestnut Street, and the phone number is 415-771-2216.
That works for me. I'd also like to see a movie when I'm in the area.
Well, films like Ash Is Purest White, Body Double, and Captain Marvel are in the theaters right now.
I'd like to see Body Double.
So shall I buy tickets?
No, not yet. I'll leave it at that for now.
Have a good day!
Where can I eat out for today?
What kinds of food are you interested in?
I like eating burgers in general.
Where are you located, or where shall I search for burger joints?
Find me a burger joint in SF.
How about 5a5 Steak Lounge, located in San Francisco?
That works for me, can you find me a movie to watch near the restaurant?
From 10 movies I found, how about Ash Is Purest White, Body Double, or Captain Marvel?
Good recommendations, I think Body Double sounds perfect?
Do you want to buy tickets now?
No thanks, I am not ready to purchase tickets for now, that is all I needed.
Understood, have a good day.
You got any moderate priced places to chow down?
Depends on the food. Indian? Italian? You pick it.
Lets try Korean Hot Pot. Look in Santa Clara.
I recommend Chimek IN Santa Clara.
They got a band there?
No they do not provide live music.
Ok. Can I catch a flick around there. Try AMC Mercado.
Yes, I see 10 movies. There's DuMbo. Or maybe Hellboy. Hotel Mumbai is playing.
Lets go with Hellboy. I think I'm all set.
Great. Speak with you later.
Will you find a restaurant?
Which city?
San Fran.
Which kind of food? Chinese, Mexican, or something else?
Pasta.
54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in San Francisco is one of 10 restaurants found.
They Serve alcohol?
Yes.
Great. Will you find me an imax show at Embarcadero Center Cinema?
Ash Is Purest White, Gloria Bell or Knock Down The House?
Knock Down The House.
Want to buy tickets?
No.
Anything else?
No. Thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
Will you find a restaurant?
Which city?
Moraga.
What kind of food?
Quick meal.
Mountain Mike's Pizza in Moraga.
Cool. Will you find a regular showing of Thriller movie at Rheem Theatre?
I found 1. Hotel Mumbai.
Hotel Mumbai is fine. Thanks.
Have a great day.
Why don't you ever get me Diner food anymore? Can you do that for me now?
Sure, what city?
How about San Fran?
Well, there are 10 there. Try 1760 in san Francisco.
Great, you finally are giving me what I want.
What else do you want?
I'll go see a movie nearby there.
There are 10 movies. How about something Like Captain Marvel, Body double, or the hit Ash is Purest White.
Body double will do, that's all I need.
enjoy your film.
I am totally starving.
What are you in the mood for? Mexican? American?
How about California cuisine?
In what city?
Try Oakland first.
There are 3 restaurants in Oakland. Dopo is recommended.
Do they have a singer or band?
No live music.
Where are they exactly?
4293 Piedmont Avenue.
What else do you have?
In Oakland? Mockingbird.
Keep going. Try some Korean. Intermediate Priced.
In Oakland, Azit would fit that bill.
Great. Now I need a movie to go with it. See if there is a 3d show at New Parkway Theater.
I have 2. Fighting with My Family and The Last Dragon.
The Last Dragon it is. I think I am good now.
Great. Take care.
Can you find a place to eat for me?
Sure. Please tell me in which city and also if you are looking for a specific cuisine.
I'd like you to find me a Filipino restaurant, not very costly, in Newark.
There's 1 restaurant in Newark matching your criteria - Isla Filipino Restaurant.
Do you know if they have live music and if they serve alcohol?
They don't serve liquor and they also don't have live music.
OK, that could work.
Do you want me to book a table for you?
No, thank you.
Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Can you find me a Scary movie, in imax, to watch at AMC NewPark?
Do you thing you'd like The Curse of La Llorona?
Actually Curse of La Llorona sounds awesome!
Do you want me to get tickets for you?
No, not at the moment. That will be all for now!
Have a great day!
I'm looking for somewhere to eat.
In what city?
Somewhere in SFO.
What kind of food would you like? You can say Chinese, Indian or something else.
Chinese food sounds good.
I found 10 Chinese restaurants in San Francisco. Alice's is suppose to be nice.
What are their prices like? Can you give me their phone number?
It is an inexpensive restaurant. The number is 415-282-8999.
What is another choice?
There's the Bamboo Restaurant in San Francisco.
Any more?
There is also Bei Fang Style in San Francisco.
That sounds good. I'd also like to see a movie in the area.
I found 10 movies. What about Ash is Purest White, Body Double or Captain Marvel?
Body Double sounds great. That's all for now.
Have a great day.
I am going out for lunch with friends and I am looking for a venue that is not very costly.
What type of cuisine would you prefer, Italian, American, or something else? In which city are you located?
I'm in the moon for some Halal and I am located in Union City.
I found a nice restaurant in Union City called Peshawari Kababs.
Do they play live music?
No, they do not.
That sounds great. I also want to watch a Comic movie while I'm in the area.
Are you interested in the movie Little or Missing Link?
Yes, that is perfect. Missing Link is just what I had in mind.
Have a wonderful day.
It's been a long time since I've had an indulgent meal. Can you find something pricey for me?
What type of food? Indian, Mexican, or something else? Also, what city?
Search for Cambodian food in San Fran.
In San Francisco, there's a great Cambodian restaurant called Kin Khao.
Does live music play there? Can I have liquor there?
Neither of those things are there.
Okay, that works with me.
Want to book a table there?
Not now. I want to focus on watching a movie first.
Do any of Ash Is Purest White, Body Double, or Captain Marvel appeal to you?
Yes. Body Double sounds great. That's all I'll need from you.
Have a great day!
Find a restaurant that serves alcohol.
Cuisine type and city?
Cambodian. Oakland.
I found 1: Phnom Penh Restaurant is in Oakland.
That's good. Find a 3d movie at New Parkway Theater.
I found 2: Fighting with my Family and The Last Dragon.
I like comedy films, something in imax.
I found 1: Gloria Bell.
Gloria Bell sounds good.
Anything else?
No, thanks.
Have a nice day.
I want to find a nice restaurant.
What city would you like it in?
I need it to be in San Jose.
What type of food would you like? Maybe Italian, Indian or something else.
I want some good Asian food.
How about China Garden Restaurant located in San Jose it has good ratings. IF that does work I have 10 others you might like.
Do they have a band play?
No they don't have live music.
How extravagant is the prices? Where are they located in San Jose.
They are an inexpensive. They are located at 1890 West San Carlos Street.
Whats another option you have.
Many people say Dynasty in San Jose.
Yes that will be great.
Would you like to book a table.
No but i do want to see a movies close by there.
What about A Madea Family Funeral, After, or Breakthrough. If those don't sound interesting don't worry i have 10 more movies you can choose.
Breakthrough will be perfect. That will be all.
Have a great day!!
I'd like to go out to eat
In which city? What kind of food would you like to eat?
In Oakland. I'd like some snacks kind of food
In Oakland there's Bellanico Restaurant And Wine Bar
Yes, this is fine! I'd like to see a movie around there
There are 10 movies. Do you prefer Breakthrough, Dr. Strangelove or Fighting with My Family?
I prefer Breakthrough, thanks! It's all
Have a nice day!
I am planning to eat outside and for which I need your help to find some nice places with liquor supply. Can you search for the one now?
Do you want me to search in any particular City?
Yes, search it for me in San Francisco.
To make a fast search I need to know your interested kind of food that you want to eat now. Can you tell me the same now?.
Search for something like Burrito food.
Found 10 restaurants. What about Arguello in San Francisco. I think this is the best restaurant in this City. Tell me about your opinion to proceed further.
NO, I want something else.
Okay, Do you prefer with Cadillac Bar & Grill restaurant in San Francisco?
No, that is also not the one I want. Can you search for something else with average priced food.
Found that the restaurant named Celia's By The Beach is the nice one in San Francisco. How about that?
Let me know their phone number to decide.
Their phone number is 415-759-8741.
Can you check whether they will offer live music there?
Checked and found that they do not have live music.
That is okay with me.
Shall I go with reservation?
No, not now. I want to search for a 3d Ghost movie at Century San Francisco Centre to watch. Can you help me to find the one?
Found 1 movie which is The Curse of La Llorona, what about your opinion?
The Curse of La Llorona is a nice movie and thanks. That's all for today.
Have a great day.
I am interested in finding a place to eat.
Is there a specific city where I should look for the restaurant?
I want the restaurant to be located in Oakland.
Is there a specific kind of food you are looking for? It can be American, Indian or something else.
I would be fine with the Breakfast kind of food.
There are 3 restaurants which match what you want. One of the restaurants is Lungomare which is located in Oakland.
Yes, that suits me well.
Do you want to book a table at this restaurant?
No, I do not want to make a reservation now.
Is there something else I can help you with?
I would like to watch a regular movie somewhere around there.
I have found 5 movies which you might like. How would you like watching Breakthrough, Dr. Strangelove or How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World?
Could you please suggest some other movies?
Would you enjoy watching Little or Stockholm?
Please give me some other movies I can watch.
I apologize but there are no other movies which match your requirements. Is there something else I can do for you?
Can you please try again? I am interested in Drama movies, and for it to be a imax show. I would like to watch the movie at Piedmont Theatre.
There is 1 movie I found. How would you like watching Red Joan?
Red Joan seems good. That would be all.
Have a wonderful time!
I need to find a place to eat.
Can you tell me which city I should look for the restaurant? Is there a specific kind of food you want to have?
I would enjoy having some kind of Veggie type of food, and I want the restaurant to be in Berkeley.
Great Wall | Chinese Restaurant is a good restaurant which can be found in Berkeley.
Is there some other restaurant you can suggest?
Another good restaurant I can suggest is Himalayan Flavors in Berkeley.
Can you check if they have live music there?
Unfortunately they do not have live music.
Then could please find me some other restaurant in SFO?
There is a good restaurant in San Francisco called Ben Wah Restaurant.
Can you give me their phone number?
If you want to call them you can at 415-318-8000.
Alright, that would work.
Is there something else I can do for you?
I want also to watch a movie while I am there.
How would you like watching Ash Is Purest White, Body Double or Captain Marvel?
Are there other movies you can suggest? I usually enjoy watching Documentary movies, and I want the movie show to be on imax.
How would you consider watching Knock Down The House?
No, it's not what I am looking for, please check for other movies.
I apologize but I could not find a movie which matches what you want. Is there something else I can do for you?
Can you try searching for a movie again? I am interested in watching a Suspense movie in 3d at AMC Metreon.
There is 1 movie which you might like. How would you like watching Pet Sematary?
Pet Sematary would be good to watch. That would be all.
Have a wonderful time
I'm meeting a friend to get food together. Can you find me restaurants around SF? Price doesn't matter.
Sure, what kind of food would you like to eat? I can find places that serve Indian, Mexican or any other kind of food.
I'm in the mood to eat at a place that serves alcohol and Breakfast & Brunch food.
Okay, you should check out Absinthe Brasserie & Bar in San Francisco then.
What's their address and phone number?
You can reach them at 415-551-1590 and their address is 398 Hayes Street.
Great, sounds good to me.
Do you want me to make a reservation here for you?
No thanks, not right now.
Anything else I can help with?
Yeah, I'd like to go see a movie around there.
Okay, what about watching Ash Is Purest White, Body Double or Captain Marvel?
Any Non-fiction movies you can find?
You should check out JT LeRoy or Searching for Sugar Man.
Cool, Searching for Sugar Man sounds great. Thanks, that's all I needed.
Okay, have a nice day!
I want to eat somewhere in Hayward, that has moderate priced food.
Do you have a preference in regards to types of food, such as American or Chinese?
I think I want to eat somewhere with Sichuan food.
I have 3 recommendations, how about Chef's Experience China Bistro in Hayward?
Anything else you can recommend?
Another restaurant in Hayward is the Hinata Sushi Buffet
That sounds good for me.
Would you like to make a reservation.
Not right now, I would like to watch a movie first, something regular.
Would you be interested in Dumbo, Pet Sematary, or Breakthrough?
I think Pet Sematary would be interesting to watch, thanks for all your help, that will be all.
Your welcome, have a good day.
I would like to find a restaurant.
What kind of food would you like, Mexican, American or something else?
I would like some Diner food in San Fran.
1760 is a restaurant in San Francisco.
Yes, that is perfect.
Would you like to reserve a table at that restaurant?
No. I would like to find a movie to watch in that area.
There are 10 movies. How about Ash Is Purest White, Body Double or Captain Marvel?
Ash Is purest white is the movie I would like to see.
Would you like to purchase tickets?
No, I just wanted the information.
Can I help with something else?
No, that is all.
Have a good day.
I'd like to find a restaurant
Sure, which city?
Menlo Park
What style of food? Does American or Mexican sound good?
I'd like Barbecue
How about Juban Yakiniku House in Menlo Park
sure
Is there anything else you'd like?
Yes, I want to see a 3d drama at the Guild theatre
Sure, there's a movie called Red Joan.
Red Joan sounds great, thanks.
Have a wonderful time
I want to eat at a place that serves Ramen noddles. I somthing intermediate priced will be great.
What city would you like it in?
I need it to be in SFO
2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco is highly rated. If you would prefer something else I have 10 options for you.
Yes that will be great.
Would you like to make a reservation.
No, Not at this time.
IS there something else I can do for you?
I want to see a 3d drama movie around there. I want to watch it at Embarcadero Center Cinema.
What about Red Joan.
No, I have already seen it.
Sorry that is the only 3d drama showing at the moment. IS there anything else I can do for you?
How about a Documentary at Roxie Theater for a regular ticket.
What about JT LeRoy?
JT LeRoy sounds great!
Would you like tickets?
No That will be all.
Have a great day!
Could you help me find a place to eat? I am looking for something new.
Sure, is there a particular type of food that you are interested in?
Well, I love noodles. If you can find a place that had pasta that would be perfect!
Ok, what location would you like to look in?
I'm in Oakland so it would be good if it was close to me.
There is a really good restaurant in Oakland called Becky's. It is highly rated by customers.
That sounds good, I've never heard of it before. I'm excited to try it.
Can I go ahead and make the reservation for you?
No, I'm not sure when I want to go.
Is there anything else you need today?
Yeah, could you help me find a movie. I would love to see a drama at an imax theater.
There is one showing near you. Have you heard of Red Joan?
Yes, I've heard it's really good. Red Joan will be perfect.
Would you like to make reservations now?
No, I'm not sure exactly what time I can go.
Can I do anything else for you today?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks!
I hope you have a great day!
I need to find a good restaurant.
Which type of food would you like to search for, for example American, Italian, etc.? Which city would you like to search in?
I need some Szcheuan food in Antioch.
Double Dragon is a nice restaurant which matches your choice in Antioch.
Any other suggestions?
Rice Bowl is wonderful and is located in Antioch.
Yeah, that works.
Would you like to reserve a table there?
No, I don't want that.
Is there anything else that I may help you with?
I need a movie there and I like Fantasy movies.
There are 2 movies which match your selection: Dumbo or Hellboy.
Hellboy sounds great. Thank you.
Of course. Have a wonderful day.
I want to find a new restaurant. What do you suggest to eat in San Francisco?
What type of cuisine are you looking for? Chinese, Indian or which type?
I'm craving some Oriental food.
There are 10 restaurants you might like. There is the 8 Immortals Restaurant in San Francisco.
Do they serve liquor?
They do not.
Well, that is okay.
Do you want to book a table?
No, I do not want to.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I want to go watch a movie. Search for imax show times of a Documentary at Embarcadero Center Cinema.
There is Knock Down The House.
Knock Down the House sounds great.
Do you want to buy tickets?
No, not right now.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that would be all. Thank you.
Have a great day.
I would like to find a restaurant that has Tacos.
In which city should I search?
I would like a restaurant in Redwood City.
There is 7 Mares located in Redwood City.
Is there a restaurant in Union City?
Chevys Fresh Mex is a nice restaurant in Union City.
Yes, that works. I would like to watch a movie in that city.
There are 10 movies. There is After, Breakthrough and Captain Marvel.
Captain Marvel I would like to watch.
Would you like to buy tickets?
No, I just wanted the information.
Have a good day.
I would like a place to eat.
What city should I look in?
I would like San Jose.
Which kind of food do you like?
I would like Pho food.
There is a nice restaurant in San Jose called Bowl & Plate At White Shallot.
Tell me their contact number.
The phone number is 408-246-5251.
Tell me the address and if they serve liquor.
The address is 3143 Stevens Creek Boulevard and they serve alcohol.
Please suggest another restaurant.
I would like Dong Que Restaurant in San Jose.
Please suggest another restaurant.
In San Jose is Elevenfifty a nice restaurant.
I'd like to watch a Fantasy movie regular show.
What about the movie Dumbo or Hellboy?
Hellboy would be great. That's all I will need.
Have a great day.
Could you find me a Breakfast & Brunch place to eat, in Oakland?
I found Bellanico Restaurant And Wine Bar, a nice restaurant in Oakland.
Please find out whether the place is afforadable and get me their address also.
They offer a moderate price range, and are at 4238 Park Boulevard.
Great, thanks. I'd also like to watch a movie around there.
I found Breakthrough, Dr. Strangelove and Fighting with My Family.
Dr. Strangelove is great. That will be all. Thanks.
Thank you and have a great day!
Find a place to eat.
Cuisine? Do you like Mexican, Chinese? In which city?
Gastropub in Sebastopol.
Gypsy Cafe is in Sebastopol.
Do they serve alcohol? Are they pricey?
They are moderate in price and do serve alcohol.
Thanks, I like that one. Find a movie to watch there too.
I found Hackers, High Life, and Sunset.
Sunset sounds good.
Do you want tickets?
No, not now.
Can I help with something else?
No, thanks.
Have a nice day.
Please search for a place to eat.
In which city would you like?
I would like Berkeley.
What is your preferred food?
I am thinking Sicilian would be good!
I found 1 restaurant in Berkeley called Agrodolce Osteria.
Yes, that will be perfect. Is the movie Thriller in 3d playing in that area?
No, but Hotel Mumbai is.
Ok, Hotel Mumbai will work.
Do you want to purchase the tickets now?
No, not right now!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that will be all for now, thank you very much!
Have a great day!
I would like to find a place to eat.
Would you be interested in chinese, italian or something else?
Pizza sounds great.
In what city should I search?
Please look in Palo Alto.
There are 7 restaurants you may likein Palo Alto. One nice restuarant is Buca Di Beppo Italian Restaurant.
What are some other restaurant suggestions that also serve alcohol?
Vina Enoteca is 1 restaurant you may like in Palo Alto.
What is the phone number?
They may be reached at 650-646-3477.
Do they offer live music?
Unfortunately, they do not offer live music.
That's okay, it still works for me.
Would you like table reservations?
Not at this time. Are there any movies close?
What about Pillow Talk or the Man Who Knew Too Much?
Pillow Talk sounds good. Thank you, that is all for now.
Have a pleasant day!
I would like to find a restaurant that is affordable and serves Barbecue.
In which city should I search?
Can you search in Oakland and a place that serves alcohol.
Chop Bar is a nice restaurant in Oakland.
What is their address?
They are located at 247 4th Street.
Could you suggest another restaurant?
Duchess Oakland is a nice restaurant in Oakland.
What is their address and do they have live music?
They have live music and their address is 5422 College avenue.
Could you suggest another restaurant?
Forge Pizza Oakland is a nice restaurant in Oakland.
Yes, that is great.
Would you like to reserve a table?
No, I would like to watch a movie.
There is Breakthrough, Dr. Strangelove and Fighting with my family.
Fighting with my family is the movie I want to watch.
Would you like to purchase tickets?
No, I just wanted the information.
Can I help with something else?
No, that is all for now.
Have a good day.
I'd like to find a good place to eat.
Sure thing. What city would you like me to search in?
I'm looking for something afforadable in Vallejo.
Okay, what type of food are you looking for?
I could really go for some Mexican food right now.
Alright, I found 1 restaurant for you. I hear Chevys Fresh Mex in Vallejo is a nice restaurant.
Sounds good to me. Can you find any movies out there? I'd like to see something Non-fiction in 3d if I can.
No problem. How about Breakthrough? I hear it's pretty good.
Breakthrough sounds perfect!
Want to buy tickets?
No, not right now. That's all for now. Thanks.
My pleasure. Have a good day.
I would like to find a restaurant in Hayward.
What type of food are you looking for, Indian, Italian or any other food?
Some Japanese restaurant would be perfect.
Sushi Ichimoto is a restaurant located fin Hayward.
Yes, that works for me. I would like to find a movie.
There are 4 movies. What about Breakthrough, Dumbo or Missing Link?
Missing Link is the movie I would like to watch.
Would you like to purchase a ticket?
No, I just wanted the information.
Have a good day.
I want to find something to eat that is intermediate priced in San Jose. Thai food would be good.
I have 10 restaurants. What about Erawan Thai Cuisine? That is a good one in San Jose.
Okay, works for me.
Do you want me to reserve a table?
No, not right now. Find me a movie to watch aroudn there. I am into comedy movies and would like to watch a 3d show.
I have 2 movies. How about Little or Missing Link?
Could you look for some other movies?
Sorry, I was unable to find any movie that match your requirements. Would I be able to help with something else?
Would you try again? I am into scary movies.
I found 1 movie. Do you like The Curse of La Llorona?
The Curse of La Llorona is a great one. That is all that I need.
Have a great day.
I'm hungry. Can you find me a good place to eat?
Sure thing. What city would you like to eat at? Any particular type of food you were thinking about?
I'd really love some Southern food. Can you find me something out in San Fran?
Absolutely. I found 10 restaurants you may like. 1760 is a really nice restaurant located in San Francisco.
Cool, that works for me. I'd also like to catch a movie. Can you find me something in the same area?
Sure thing. I found a few options for you, how about Ash Is Purest White, Body Double or Captain Marvel?
You know I've been wanting to see Captain Marvel so that sounds perfect!
Would you like to buy tickets now?
No, i'm not ready to purchase just yet.
Can I help you with anything else?
No, thanks for the help though!
Thank you! Have a nice day!
Hi, I'd like to find somewhere to eat.
Okay, what type of food do you like? American, Italian, whatever you fancy.
I think Asian Fusion would be great for me.
Great, what city would you like to eat in?
I need somewhere in Santa Rosa.
I found 2 restaurants you may like. Haku Sushi is a nice place in Santa Rosa.
Hm, do you have anything else for me?
Okay, Shogun | Japanese Restaurant in Santa Rosa is a good one.
Yeah, that sounds good to me.
Do you want me to book you a table there?
No thanks, I don't need to.
Is there anything more I can do for you?
I want to find a movie to see around there.
Alright, are you interested in After, Dumbo, or Hellboy?
Hellboy sounds like something I'd like.
Perfect, do you want to get tickets for it?
No thanks, not right now. I don't need any more help.
Have a wonderful day.
I am feeling hungry, so I need to find a place to eat.
Can you tell me, for which city should I look for?
I want for the restaurant to be in SF.
Is there a specific type of food you enjoy? It can be American, Italian or some other type of food.
I usually like having Steakhouse kind of food.
There is a good restaurant in San Francisco called 5a5 Steak Lounge.
Can you tell me the address of this restaurant?
The address of the restaurant is 244 Jackson Street.
Can you check if the price range of the restaurant is above average? What phone number can I use to call them?
The price range for this restaurant is considered as expensive. If you want to call them you can at 415-989-2539.
Yes, that suits me well.
Do you want to book a table at this restaurant?
No, I don't want to make a booking now. I also would like to watch a movie around there.
There are 10 movies which you might like. You can consider watching Ash Is Purest White, Body Double or Captain Marvel?
Ash Is Purest White seems as a good choice. That would be all.
Have a wonderful time!
Can you help me find a good restaurant?
Certainly! Would you like Chinese, Italian, or something else?
I'm thinking a Noodle restaurant sounds good.
Ok, what city do you want to look in?
Look for a restaurant in Berkeley please.
Kirin Restaurant is the 1 restaurant I found in Berkeley that you may enjoy.
That sounds good.
Do you want me to make a reservation for you?
No, but I would like to find a Fantasy imax show to watch nearby. Can you check Shattuck Cinemas?
Yes, Dumbo is playing there.
Dumbo looks great. Thanks, that's all for now.
Have a nice day and enjoy the movie!
I'm looking for a vegan restaurant that serves alcohol.
In which city?
Napa.
I found 1 match: Mango on Main ( A.k.a.mini mango thai bistro) is in Napa.
Do they have live music? What's their number?
707-253-8880. No live music.
That works. Find a 3d movie at Century Napa Valley.
I found After, Hellboy, and Little.
Little is good.
Do you want tickets?
Not now.
Can I do something else for you?
No, thanks.
Have a nice day.
My inlaws will are coming to visit and I'm trying to find a place to eat. They really like Parisian food.
Sure, where would you like for me look for a restaurant?
I am thinking that we will drive to San Francisco, there are a lot of restaurants there.
There is a very nice restaurant in San Francisco called Amelie San Francisco.
We have been there before, it is good! But do you have any other suggestions? I'd like to take them somewhere new.
Yes, have you tried Aquitaine Wine Bar & Bistro? It is also in San Francisco.
No, we haven't been there. Do they have live music?
No, unfortunately they don't have live music.
That's ok, that restaurant will work.
Would you like to make reservations now?
No, I will make them later, our plans could change.
Do you need any help with anything else today?
Yes, what movies are showing around there?
There are a few to choose from. Ash is Purest White, Body Double, or Captain Marvel are all good.
I have been hoping to see Captain Marvel. That will work!
Do you need anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thanks so much!
It's been a pleasure helping you today! Enjoy the rest of your day!
I need a place to eat.
Chinese? Italian? Mexican?
I want a burger joint in San Fran.
I found 4 options like Elmira Rosticceria in San Francisco.
That works! I want to see a movie too.
Ash Is Purest White, Body Double, Captain Marvel are some options.
Find me drama movies.
Dogman, Ramen Shop, or Red Joan?
Find something else.
Suburban Birds, Supa Modo, or the Innocent?
Supa Modo is it.
Are you ready to buy tickets?
No, not now.
Anything else?
No, thanks.
Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves Burger, that is intermediate priced and that has live music.
In which city would you like?
I would like a restaurant in San Jose.
There are 3 restaurants. There is Hukilau located in San Jose.
Yes, that works for me. I would like to find a Fantasy movie in that city.
There are 2 movies. There is Dumbo and Hellboy.
Dumbo is the movie.
Would you like to buy tickets?
No, I just wanted the information.
Can I help with anything else?
No, that is all thank you.
Have a good day.
Could you find me a place to eat in Petaluma?
Any particular cuisine you'd prefer?
Sushi would be perfect.
I found 2 restaurants that might interest you. How about Kabuki Japanese Restaurant, a nice restaurant located in Petaluma?
Please make other suggestions.
How about Paradise Sushi & Grill , a nice restaurant located in Petaluma?
That sounds perfect.
Should I go ahead and reserve a table for you?
No, I am not interested in doing that.
Would you like my help with anything else?
I'd like to watch a movie around here.
I found 5 movies that might interest you. What do you think of Captain Marvel, Little or Missing Link?
Missing Link will be perfect. That will be all. Thank you.
Thank you, and have a great day!
I am looking for a latin american place where the food is not very costly
Which city are you searching for?
I want to search in fairfield.
How about Chevys fresh mex in fairfield
that sounds nice
should I reserve a table there
No, I want to watch a documentary movie at edwards fairfield. A regular show works
How does breakthrough sound
Breakthrough sounds perfect
Is there anything else I can help you with>
No, thanks for helping me out.
Have a fantastic day ahead
I am hungry!
What type of food do you want?
English food sounds great!
Which city should I look in?
San Leandro please.
San Leandro has an English restaurant called The Englander Sports Pub & Restaurant.
What's the address and number?
Their number is 510-357-3571 and the address is 101 Parrott Street.
Yes that works out. I want to see a 3d movie nearby.
After, Breakthrough, and Dumbo are playing nearby.
After sounds interesting. That's all I wanted.
Have a wonderful day!
Can you help me find a place to eat?
Sure. What city should I search in?
Can you search in Petaluma?
What type of food do you want? American, Indian, or something else?
I'm craving some Pasta. That would be perfect.
The Brixx Pizzeria is located in Petaluma.
You find anything else?
How about the Cucina Paradiso? It is also located in Petaluma.
Okay, that sounds good.
Would you like to reserve a table?
No, I don't.
Do you need anything else?
Yeah. I want to watch a movie in Petaluma.
I found 5 movies for you. What about Captain Marvel? I also found Little and Missing Link.
Captain Marvel would be perfect. That's all I need for now. Thanks.
Have a nice day.
I'm looking for somewhere to eat, and I don't care about the cost.
Do you want Indian food, Mexican food, or something else?
Brasserie food sounds good.
What city?
SF please.
I found 3 restaurants. Belga is a good restaurant in San Francisco.
I want a restaurant that serves alcohol, so any other recommendations?
I found 1 restaurant. Volta Modern Brasserie is a great San Francisco restaurant.
Ok, that's good.
Do you want to reserve a table?
Nope.
Do you need any other assistance?
I want to watch a movie around the area.
I found 10 movies. Do you prefer Captain Marvel, Body Double, or Ash Is Purest White.
Body Double sounds good.
Do you want tickets?
Not right now.
Do you need any other help?
Nope, thanks for the help.
Have a nice day.
Can you help me find a restaurant?
Sure, would you like Mexican food, Indian food, or something else?
I would like to find a Korean Barbeque in Oakland.
I recommend trying Azit in Oakland.
Are the prices economical and do they serve alhocol?
The restaurant does not serve alcohol and the prices are in the moderate range.
OK, that is fine. I would like to also find a movie nearby.
Some good movies showing right now are Breakthrough, Dr. Strangelove, and Fighting with My Family. Do any of those sound good?
No, please tell mem what else is playing at the Piedmont Theatre.
You may like the movie Red Joan.
Yes, Red Joan would be great.
Do you want to purchase tickets for the movie?
No, not right now.
Ok, is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thanks.
Great. Have a nice day.
Any place you can recommend to eat out?
Are you interested in Chinese, Mexican, or another type of specialty food?
I like eating lobster and similar sea food, but it has to be afforadable and in SFO.
From 10 possible restaurants, how about Alamo Square Seafood Grill, located in San Francisco?
That works for me, thanks.
Do you want to reserve a table now?
No thanks, I don't need to make a reservation for now.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I want to watch a movie at AMC Metreon, what movies are currently playing?
Current movies playing are Dumbo, Long Shot, and Missing Link.
Any other movies playing, something horror or scary, and at the Century San Francisco Centre?
There is 1 movie meeting your description, what about watching The Curse of La Llorona?
The Curse of La Llorona sounds perfect, that is all I needed for now.
Your welcome, have a good day.
I want to eat at a costly place.
What city?
SF.
What kind of food?
Indian.
Amber is a restaurant in San Francisco.
Do they have alcohol?
Yes, they do.
What is their phone number? Is there live music?
The phone number is 415-777-0500.
Cool, I also want to see a movie there too.
I found Ash Is Purest White, Body Double, and Captain Marvel.
Body Double is perfect.
Are you ready to buy tickets?
No, not yet.
Have a nice day.
I am planning to eat outside for which I need your help to find some good places.
What is your interested category of food and in which City do you like to search for?
I like to eat Italian food in San Fran. Search accordingly.
Found 10 results. What about your opinion on the restaurant in San Francisco named 54 Mint Ristorante italiano which is the best one that suits your interest.
Get me their address details to decide further.
Address is 16 Mint Plaza. Is that okay to you?
No, please search for some other restaurants that suit my interest.
How about your suggestion on A16 restaurant in San Francisco.
Search for something else with liquor supply.
Got 8 results. What about Ala Romana in San Francisco?
Can you check whether they offer any Live music there?
No, they do not offer any music there.
That is okay for me.
Shall I book a table in that restaurant now?
No, not now and I want you to search for some movies around there to watch and in particularly search for Adventure movies.
Got 2, Captain Marvel and Shazam!, how about your opinion?
Search for some other movies in Horror Genre.
What about The Curse of La Llorona? Is that okay.
Yes, Curse of La Llorona is s good one and that's all for now. Thanks.
Have a good day.
Hi there, could you help me search for places to eat in Palo Alto?
Any preference on the type of food?
Barbecue food will be great for me, have been craving that for awhile now.
Sure, there are 9 restaurants lcoated in Palo Alto, would you like to try Bazille?
Are there any alternatives? I do not have any price preferences.
Sure, there are 8 restaurants in Palo Alto, how about Bird Dog?
May I have their contact number pleasse?
You can contact them at 650-656-8180.
Sure, this works fine with me.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No thanks, that is not necessary.
Do you require any further assistance?
Could you also help me search for some Romantic movies in that area? Would prefer a regular show which is shown at Stanford Theatre.
There are 1 movies which suit your preference, how about Pillow Talk?
Sure, pillow talk works with me.
Would you like me to purchase the tickets for you/
No, don't do that. That is all the help I need, thank you!
Sure, have a great day ahead!
I want to find somewhere nice to eat.
In which city and what type of cuisine?
I want to get some burgers in San Jose.
There are 9 suitable locations. Black Angus steakhouse is an excellent choice. It is in San Jose.
Do they serve alcohol? Are the burgers affordable?
Alcohol is served there and the prices are moderate.
Is there anywhere else?
There is an excellent restaurant in San Jose called Citrus Restaurant.
That would be fine. I want to see s Scary movie in 3d at AMC saratoga.
Would the curse of la llorona interest you?
I rather see a comedy.
There are 2 movies available. Would you like to see Little or Missing Link?
Missing link would be excellent. That would be all.
Enjoy your day.
I need to find a restaurant that's not very costly, maybe something with an Asian Fusion menu.
In what city please?
I'd like a place in San Jose please.
The Dynasty restaurant is a nice option in San Jose.
Is there live music there? And what is the address?
It is located at 1001 Story Road, but I'm sorry, they don't have live music.
That's okay, I like that one.
Shall I make a reservation for you?
Maybe in a minute. Could you help me find a movie?
Sure. Three possibilities are A Madea Family Funeral, After or Breakthrough.
I think I'd like to see After.
Shall I buy tickets for you?
Not right now, no.
Is there anything else you need right now?
I don't think so.
Thank you very much.
I'm looking for an average priced restaurant
Any type of cuisine you're interested in?
How about some Korean Hot pot?
In what city?
Actually, make it Cambodian food. It will be in South San Francisco
Thai Satay Restaurant & Bar in South San Francisco looks good
Is there live music there
No, they don't offer live music?
Any other ideas?
White Elephant Restaurant in South San Francisco comes recommended
What else do you have?
Sorry. That's all I have matching your preferences. Would you like to look for something else?
Try again but in Hayward
Chai Thai Noodles in Hayward looks good
Do they have a bar?
No. They don't serve alcohol.
That's good. Can you find me a movie nearby at Century at Hayward? Just a regular show is fine
You could see Breakthrough, Dumbo or Pet Sematary?
Thanks. Pet Sematary sounds good
Should I purchase tickets
No, not right now
Anything else I can do to help?
Nope. Appreciate the help
Take care
Will you find me a place to eat?
Which city? What kind of food?
Burger in Healdsburg.
I found 5 restaurants. Bear Republic Brewing Co is in Healdsburg.
Find me costly restaurants?
Chalkboard in Healdsburg.
Address and number?
29 North Street. You can reach them at 707-473-8030.
Great.
You want to reserve a table?
No.
Anything else?
Find me a movie around there?
I found 4 movies. Dumbo, Hotel Mumbai or Shazam!?
Dumbo. Thanks.
Have a great day.
Can you help me find a place to eat
any specific cuisine you are interested in? Indian, american or something else?
No, a take-out would be great
Which city should I base my search in?
I want one in Walnut creek
I have found panera bread in walnut creek which seems nice
Can you give me its address?
Sure, its 1140 locust street
I also need their contact number. Do they have live music?
They do have live music. Their number is 925-280-5590
Okay, thanks a lot.
Should I reserve your table there
No, I actually want to watch movie around there. comedy movies are my favorite. Find me one at century walnut creek. a regular show would be fine.
I have found 1 movie for you- little
Little is perfect for me. That would be all.
Have a fantastic day.
Help me find a place to eat please
Any food specifications? Mexican, chinese or something else?
Burger in san jose would be perfect
I have found 10 restaurants in san jose for you. How about 71 saint peter?
Cool, I want to see a movie around there
There is an option to choose between A madea family funeral, after and breakthrough.
Find me some other movies
There is also dumbo, dogman and captain marvel
dumbo it is then
Should I buy the tickets for you?
No, will do that later. That would be all, thanks.
have a fantastic day!
I need some help with finding a restaurant.
Sure, which city are you located in.
I am in SFO.
There are many options available, what kind of food are you looking for?
Curry sounds really good to me right now.
Amber is a very nice restaurant in San Francisco that serves curry.
I don't want to go somewhere too expensive is it afforadable?
Well, it is listed as expensive.
You know what, I haven't treated myself in a while, I will try it out! I'd also like to see a movie. I think the Clay Theatre is in the same area.
There is 1 movie showing currently. It is Ramen Shop.
Ramen Shop! That will be perfect! Curry and ramen in one night!
Would you like to reserve tickets?
No, I will wait, they are never sold out there. Thanks! I don't need anything else.
Enjoy your day!
Can you find me a good place to eat in Walnut Creek?
What kind of food do you want? You can say Italian, American or something else.
I'd like to find some Greek food.
I found 1 restaurant that serves Greek food in Walnut Creek. It's Opa Authentic Greek Cuisine Walnut Creek. Will that work?
Perfect. I'd also like to watch a movie online.
What kind of movies should I look for?
I'm looking for kids movies.
There's How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World.
How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World sound great.
Shall I play the movie?
No right now.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No thanks, I'm good.
Have a great day.
I need a place to eat.
Which city and food should I look for?
I would like San Carlos some snacks.
I see West Park Bistro is nice in San Carlos.
Tell me the address.
The address is 788 Laurel Street.
What is the number and do they serve liquor.
They don't serve any alcohol and the number is 650-453-3313
Yes, that is good. I'd like to find a movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
What genre of movies do you prefer?
I like Drama movies.
What do you think about The Man Who Knew Too Much?
What else is there?
I don't find any of your preference. How else can I help?
I would like to search movies by George Miller that are Fantasy.
What do you think about 1 movie called Mad Max: Fury Road?
Madmax would be good.
Would you like to play the movie?
No, I don't want to. That will be all.
Have a great day.
Where is a good place to eat?
What kind of food do you want? What city shall I look in?
Look in Daly City. I'm in the mood for breakfast food.
There's Nick's Kitchen in Daly City.
Are there any more?
Sorry, that is the only one that has an all day breakfast menu.
Korean food also sounds good, I'm looking for something that is moderate in price.
Dim Sum King is suppose to have good Korean food and is located in Daly City.
Thanks, that sounds good.
Is there anything else you need?
Yes. I'd like to watch a fantasy movie online.
Some choices are Dumbo, Hellboy and Mad Max: Fury Road.
Mad Max sounds good. Thanks, that's all I need.
Have a great day.
Can you look up restaurants for me?
Is there any kind of food you're craving? Where would you like the restaurant to be located?
I've been thinking about ramen a lot - somewhere in Mountain View.
Okay, there's 9 options here - Bushido in Mountain View has a good rating.
I heard it's expensive - can you find me something average priced?
There's 7 options, there's Gochi Japanese Fusion Tapas in Mountain View.
Okay, yeah, that sounds good.
Would you like to make a reservation?
No, thanks, I don't know when I'm going yet.
What else can I help you with?
Can you find me a movie to watch online? Something with drama.
Dogman, Hackers, and High Life are 3 of 10 possible options.
How about movies by Simon Jaquemet?
How about the movie The Innocent?
Yeah, The Innocent sounds good.
Would you like to play that now?
Not yet, thanks.
Is there anything else you need help with?
That's everything, thanks.
Enjoy your ramen.
Can you help me find somewhere to eat nearby?
Where should I look?
I want to go somewhere in Sunnyvale.
What type of food would you like? Chinese, Italian, or something else?
I think Mediterranean sounds good right now.
Obed is a good Mediterranean restaurant in Sunnyvale.
Ok, that works. I'd also like to find a movie to watch online.
What genre of movie are you interested in?
I'd like to watch something funny.
I found 10 movies you might like. How about A Madea Family Funeral, Auntie Mame, or Dr. Strangelove?
Anything else? Maybe like a Drama directed by Claire Denis.
I found 1 movie that matches your search. How about High Life?
Sure, High Life is perfect.
Should I play the movie for you?
No, not right now.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all, thanks.
Alright, have a nice day!
I'm looking for an economical restaurant
Sure. Any type of cuisine you're interested in?
How about some Cantonese food?
Ok, what city?
Look in Foster City
I found 1 restaurant. Cooking Papa in Foster City looks good
Can I get their phone number? Do they have a full bar?
You can reach them at 650-577-1832. They do not serve liquor.
Ok that's fine.
Would you like to book a table?
No not right now
Anything else I can help with?
I'd like to stream a movie
Any genre of movie sounding good right now?
I'd like to see a drama
I have 10 movies to recommend for you. Perhaps you'd like watching Dogman, Hackers or High Life?
Any other options?
Maybe you can watch Little Woods, Mary Magdalene or Ramen Shop?
Ramen Shop sounds good
Would you like to play it now?
Not right now
Anything else you need?
No I'm good
Take care
I'm really feeling an itch to eat some costly lobster in Los Gatos. Can you find me somewhere where I can do just that?
Sure thing. There's 1 lobster restaurant in Los Gatos called Steamer's Grillhouse.
That sounds great!
Want to get a table there?
Not now. I want to shift my focus to finding a Hiroyasu Ishida movie to watch online.
Any preferred genre?
I like fantasy movies.
I found 1 movie that suits your needs called Penguin Highway. How does that sound?
Penguin Highway sounds great! That's all I need for now.
Have yourself a wonderful day.
I need a restaurant.
In which city and are you looking for Mexican, American or something else?
I'm looking for Izakaya food in San Francisco.
2g Japanese Brasserie is located in San Francisco.
Okay. That one sounds good.
Would you like me to book a table?
No but can you find me an online movie?
What kind of movie?
Something funny would be great.
A Madea Family Funeral, Auntie Mame or Dr. Strangelove are three of 10 funny movies you might like.
Dr. Strangelove sounds great. That's all.
Please enjoy your day.
Can you find me a place to it.
Sure. In which city?
Please find me something in San Rafael.
Are you looking for a specific cuisine - American, Mexican or maybe something else?
Gastrobar would be awesome.
In San Rafael I can recommend The State Room.
OK, that will do. Can you also find me a movie to watch online?
Any particular movie type?
I particularly like war movies.
There's 1 movie matching your criteria - The Aftermath.
The Aftermath is actually awesome. That will be all for now.
Have a nice day!
I have a plan to eat out side for which I need your help to find one nice place. Can you help me?
Yes. Do you have any preferred City and Category of food to search for?
Yes. Search it in San Francisco. I like Lobster very much and can you search for the one?
What about your opinion on restaurant Akiko's Sushi Bar in San Francisco?
Okay. But please try to search for some other nice places.
Found another restaurant named Alamo Square Seafood Grill in San Francisco. How about that?
This is okay for me. Thanks. I need one more help from you. Can you search for some nice movies directed by Morton DaCosta. I like to watch it online and the Comedy movies are my favorite.
How about the movie Auntie Mame which is best I think based on your interest.
Yes, Auntie Mame is a nice movie and that's all for now. Thanks.
Have a great day.
Find me a restaurant to go to.
What type of food do you like and in what city do you want to eat in?
Find me some Malaysian food in Redwood City.
Erawan Thai Restaurant is in Redwood City and they serve Malaysian food.
Can you give me their phone number and their location?
They are located at 2639 Broadway and you can contact them at 650-556-9966.
What other suggestions do you have, preferably something afforadable?
Search revealed 2 places. Karakade Thai Cuisine is affordable and in Redwood City
That is good. Find me a move to watch on the Internet.
What genre of movies do you like?
Find me Fantasy movies directed by Hiroyasu Ishida.
Do you like the movie Penguin Highway?
Penguin Highway works for me.
Shall I play the movie for you?
No, not right now. That is all.
Have a great day.
I will be meeting with some friends and would like to find a place to eat.
What type of cuisine do you like? indian, Chinese or which one? Where do you want to look for a restaurant?
Search for something that sells Noodles in Dublin.
There is China Paradise Restaurant in Dublin.
Do they sell liquor? Where is it located?
The address is 4580 Dublin Boulevard and they do not serve alcohol.
That is alright.
Do you want to book a table?
No, I changed my mind. I want to stay and watch something online. What good Comedy movie is there?
Do you want to watch A Madea Family Funeral, Auntie Mame or Dr. Strangelove?
What other movies are there? Is there any drama movie from director Matteo Garrone.
What about Dogman?
What other movies are there?
I could not find anything with the criteria you are looking for. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Try looking for movies directed by Claire Denis.
There is 1 movie you might like. What do you think about High Life?
High Life sounds great. Thanks, that would be all.
Have a great day.
I am wanting to find a place to eat in SFO. Spicy Indian would be perfect for my needs.
Amber is a very good restaurant in San Francisco.
I would like one in Sunnyvale, can you give me any other suggestions?
There is a nice restaurant in Sunnyvale called Amaravathi Vegetarian Restaurant.
Are there other restaurants you can suggest?
Arka Indian Restaurant is a good restaurant that is in Sunnyvale.
Yes, that is good for me. I would like a movie to see online.
What are the types of movies you are interested in?
Adventure movies are great.
Would you like Captain Marvel, Shazam! or The Poseidon Adventure?
The Poseidon Adventure would be fine. That was all I needed.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you help me find a nice place to eat?
Sure. Please tell me in which city and what type of cuisine?
Please find me some Asian Fusion restaurants in San Carlos.
In San Carlos I recommend King Chuan.
Do you have their phone number?
Sure, you can reach them at 650-593-1035.
Perfect, thank you!
Do you want me to book a table for you?
No, not at the moment.
Is there anything else I could do for you?
Please find me a movie to watch online.
OK. What kind of movie would you prefer?
A Drama directed by Madeleine Olnek would be perfect.
There's 1 movies meeting your criteria - Wild Nights with Emily.
Wild Nights is awesome.
Do you want me to play it for you>
No, not at the moment.
Anything else I could do for you?
No, thank you.
Have a good one!
I will be meeting with some friends, what good place do you recommend to eat at?
What type of cuisine are you looking for? Where do you want to look for?
Look for something Italian at an afforadable price in SF.
There are 10 possible restaurants that you might like. How about 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in San Francisco?
What other restaurants are there?
There is also A16 in San Francisco.
Do they serve liquor?
They do server alcohol.
That is great but I think I prefer to watch something online.
What type of movie do you want to see?
Is there any good Fantasy movie?
There is Dumbo, Hellboy, or even Mad Max: Fury Road.
Are there any Comedy movies directed by Tina Gordon?
What about Little?
Little sounds great.
Do you want me to play it?
No, I don't want to play it.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that would be all.
Have a great day.
Find me please a place to eat.
In what city do you want to eat?
In Fremont will be great.
What type of food you like? Indian, Italian or something else?
Hunan kind of food will be great.
1 nice restauant I found for you in Fremont called Hunan Cuisine.
Yes, I like it.
A reservation here will be good for you?
No.I don't want,thanks.
With something else I can help you?
Can you find me a online movie directed by Jonathan Levine because I want to watch.
What type of movies do you like?
I would love a Comedy movies.
I have 1 option for you.What do you think about Long Shot?
Long Shot sounds great.Thant's all I wanted.
Have a great day!
I want to eat something, so I want to find a place to eat.
Can you tell me which city should I look for the restaurant?
I want the restaurant to be in Pacifica. I usually enjoy the Izakaya kind of food.
There are 3 restaurants which you might like. 8 Sushi is a good restaurant, which can be found in Pacifica.
Can you check if they have live music? Can you tell me the phone number I can use to call them?
If you want to call them you can at 650-898-8730. Unfortunately this restaurant doesn't have live music.
That's what I want.
Is there something else I can help you with?
I also would like to watch a movie online, more specifically I want to watch a Funny movie.
Would you enjoy watching A Madea Family Funeral, Auntie Mame or Dr. Strangelove?
Dr. Strangelove seems as the movie I want to watch. That would be all.
Have a wonderful time!
I want you to find me somewhere to eat in San Leandro that has live music
What type of restaurant would you prefer?
I was hoping to find a Deli type.
I found 1 restaurant in San Leandro and it is Mcdonald's.
The address please.
That wold be 14823 East 14th Street.
Thank you food check. Now I want to know about movies. Can you find me a movie I can watch online that is directed by Likarion Wainaina?
Do you have a genre in mind?
A Drama would work for me.
I found 1 that fits would Supa Modo be of interest to you?
Supa Modo would be the bomb.
Shoud I start the movie?
No, that was for future reference thank you.
Can I be of more use to you?
No. I am done with you.
Very well, good day.
I have a small plan to eat outside and I need your help to find some nice places to eat. Can you search the one for me.
Yes, what about your interested kind of food like Italian, American or any other kind that you liked the most?
I like Szcheuan foods and please make the search accordingly.
in which City?
Search for some restaurants in Oakland and I want the one with reasonably priced.
Found 5 results. What about Fortune Restaurant in Oakland which I think is the best one to eat.
Are any liquor supply there? let me know their contact number for my reference.
Yes, they will supply liquor and their contact number is 510-839-9697. Any more help you need from me to do?
Yes, thanks for the restaurant details and now I want to search for movies online and can you do it for me?
What is your interested type of movie? Any suggestion?
Yes, I like to watch Comedy movies and search accordingly.
Can you select your best option among the 3 movies found which are A Madea Family Funeral, Auntie Mame or Dr. Strangelove?
I would prefer Auntie Mame and it the best Comedy movie I think.
Shall I play it now.
No, Thank you for the details.
How can I help you further.
Nothing for now and that's all for today.
Have a great day.
Please help me find a place to eat.
Any particular cuisine I should search for, such as American, Indian or something else?
I'll be attending a party later, so a Light meal will work for me.
Any particular city I should search in?
It should be in San Fran.
1300 On Fillmore, a nice restaurant located in San Francisco, is among the 10 suitable restaurants I found.
That sounds perfect!
Should I go ahead and reserve a table here?
No, I'm not interested in doing so, yet. Please find me an online movie to watch, preferably Drama movies directed by Eric Khoo.
How does Ramen Shop sound?
Ramen Shop is perfect. I'll watch it later. That will be all for now, thanks.
Thank you, and have a great day.
I'm looking for somewhere to eat with average priced food.
Where should I look?
I want something in Occidental. Parisian food would be good.
I found 1 restaurant you might like. It is Bistro Des Copains in Occidental.
That sounds good to me.
Should I reserve a table for you?
No, thanks. I'd like to find a movie to watch. Maybe a Drama movie directed by Matteo Garrone.
How about Dogman?
Dogman sounds great! That's all I need, thanks.
Alright, have a nice day.
I am looking to eat somewhere any pick-up food would be fine
where should i search in
please search in milpitas
what about olive garden italian restaurant in milpitas
yes thats perfect, i also want to watch movie online
what type of movie do you like
i like to watch funny movie directed by tyler perry
There is 1 funny movie called a madea family funeral
A madea family funeral sound perfect
would you like to to play this movie
No not right now
have a nice day
I really need some food right now. I'm looking for an eatery.
What type of food? Mexican? Indian? Something different? Also, what city?
I'd like it if you could find for me a Steakhouse in SF.
I have found 10 relevant San Francisco restaurants. One of htem is called 5a5 Steak Lounge. Does that sound appealing?
Yeah, it does. I also want to look up a movie to watch online.
Any preferred genre?
I like adventure movies.
Perhaps you could watch one of Captain Marvel, Shazam!, or The Poseidon Adventure?
The Poseidon Adventure is a great one.
Want to watch it right now?
Not now. That's all I need from you.
Have a lovely day.
Can you find me somewhere to eat breakfast in Fairfield that serves alcohol?
Sure, there's 1 place in Fairfield called Mimi's Cafe.
Oh, that's perfect.
Should I book you a table?
No, not right now.
Anything else I can do for you?
Yeah, help me find a movie to stream.
What type of movie?
I'd like to watch a drama.
I found 10 you may like. How about Dogman, Hackers, or High Life?
I love Hackers.
Should I play it for you?
No, not right now. That's all for now.
Have a good one.
Can you help me find a place to eat?
Where should I look? Do you have a preference for the type of food?
I'd like some American food in San Francisco.
I found 10 restaurants in San Francisco. How about 1760?
That works. I'd also like to find a movie to watch. Something directed by Tom McCarthy.
What genre of movie do you want?
A Rom-com sounds good.
I found 1 movie you might like. How about The Visitor?
The Visitor sounds great. That's all I need for now.
Alright, have a nice day!
I'm starving! I'd love to eat some lobster.
In what city?
In Tiburon, to be exact.
I found 1 restaurant relevant to your needs. Specifically, Tiburon has a restaurant called Guaymas Restaurant.
That works fine. I also want to watch a romance movie by George Sidney online.
I found 1 movie that meets the criteria. How does Viva Las Vegas sound?
Viva Las Vegas sounds great! That's all I need for now.
Have yourself a fantastic day!
Can you find me something to eat in the SF area? I'd prefer California fare.
There's Al's Place in San Francisco. How does that sound?
Okay. I'll go with that.
Do you want me to reserve you a table there?
No, not at the moment. Let's look for Sports movies online now. Do you know of anything directed by Stephen Merchant that fits that?
I've found 1 movie that may work. Are you familiar with Fighting with My Family?
Fighting with Family is a good choice.
Should I start playing the movie for you then?
No, hold off on that.
What else do you need?
I'm fine for now actually. Thanks.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I'm starved! Can you find me a reasonably priced eatery in Fremont?
What type of food? Indian? Chinese? Something else?
Oriental food would be great.
Okay. I found 3 Oriental restaurants in Fremont. How about Asian Pearl Seafood Restaurant?
Not so sure about that one. Find me a different restaurant.
Fremont also has Elephant Bar Restaurant.
That works for me.
Want to book a table?
No, not now.
Can I assist you further?
Yes, I'd like to watch something. How about an adventure movie by David Sandberg?
How does Shazam! sound?
Not so sure. I think I'd rather watch a Ronald Neame movie.
Okay, how about The Poseidon Adventure?
Not so sure about that one. Can I have a different option?
I couldn't find any further movies. Can I help you out with something else?
Not now. Thanks.
Have a great day.
I am searching for a place to eat.
In which city shall I search? What type of food do you need?
I like Japanese type of food in SFO
I searched and found 10 restaurants for you. 2g Japanese Brasserie is a wonderful restaurant at San Francisco.
What is their phone number?
Their contact number is 415-292-9997
What is their contact address? Whether they have live music?
Sorry, they don't have live music. Their contact address is 601 Van Ness Avenue.
Can you give me the details of some other restaurant?
Ace Wasabi Rock-n-roll Sushi is a wonderful restaurant in San Francisco.
Can you give me the details of some other restaurant? I am searching for some afforadable price.
Akira Japanese Restaurant is a wonderful restaurant in San Francisco.
Yes. it is good for me.
Shall I reserve a table there?
Nope. Don't reserve a seat.
Shall I do anything for you?
I wish to search for a movie in online. I love the movies directed by Anna Boden Adventure.
What is your opinion about Captain Marvel?
Do you have anything else?
Sorry, I can not find the movie that suits your need. What shall I do for you?
I wish to keep on searching. I love movies directed by David Sandberg.
I searched and found 1 movie for you. What is your opinion about Shazam!?
Shazam! is really nice.
Do you wish to play the movie?
Nope. I am not interested in doing it.
What shall I do you further?
Nope. Thank you so much.
Have a fantastic day.
I'm meeting a friend later to go out to eat together. Can you find me a place to eat that is economical?
Where should I look?
Look in the San Fran area.
What sort of food are you wanting to eat? I can find you restaurants that serve Indian, American or any other kind of food if you'd like.
I'm in the mood for some Pizza and Pasta food from a nice restaurant in Vacaville.
There are 2 restaurants I found that fit what you're looking for. How about eating at Evelyn's Big Italian Pizzeria & Ristorante in Vacaville?
Cool, that sounds perfect.
Should I book a table for you here?
No thanks.
Anything else I can do for you?
Yeah, I want to watch a movie online.
Any certain type of movies you like?
I'm in the mood to see a War movie.
I found 1 movie you might like to watch. How about seeing The Aftermath?
Great, Aftermath sounds good to me.
Would you like me to play the movie?
No thanks, that's all I needed.
Okay, have a nice day!
Please find me a place to eat.
Any particular city I should search in?
Please find something in Morgan Hill.
Any particular cuisine you'd prefer?
I'd like some Persian food.
There's a nice restaurant restaurant in Morgan Hill called Odeum.
Please let me know their address.
They are at 17500 Depot Street #180.
That sounds perfect. I'll check them out later. In the meantime, please find me a Comedy movie to watch online.
Okay. I found A Madea Family Funeral, Auntie Mame and Dr. Strangelove?
Any other suggestions?
How about Family, Gloria Bell or Green Book?
Green Book is a good movie.
Should I go ahead and start the movie?
No, I'm not interested in doing so right now. Maybe later. That will be all. Thanks.
Thank you, and have a great day.
Can you find me some not very costly restaurants in Walnut Creek where Persian kind of food is served?
There are 2 restaurants. How about Lokanta Grill & Bar located in Walnut Creek?
Can you find me their address?
The street address of the restaurant is 1520 Locust Street.
Can you search for whether they have live music and their contact number?
They don't have live music and the contact number is 925-322-8671.
Are there any other restaurants?
How about Taheri's Mediterranean Restaurant & Catering in Walnut Creek?
Okay, That sounds good to me.
Do you want me to reserve a table for you?
No. Don't reserve a table now. Can you find me some adventure movies by Ronald Neame to watch online?
I found 1 movie. How about The Poseidon Adventure?
The Poseidon Adventure sounds perfect to me.
I am glad I could help. Have a great day.
I'm hungry! I'd like to get a bite at SFO.
Any specific type of food in mind?
I'd love to have some pizza and pasta.
A good place for that in San Francisco is 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano.
That works fine for me.
Want to get a table there?
No, not now.
Can I assist you with a different matter?
Yeah. I'd like to watch a Garth Davis film.
Any particular genre?
Yeah. Drama would be good.
I found 1 movie that meets your criteria. Thoughts on Mary Magdalene?
I love Mary Magdalene! That's all I need from you.
Have yourself a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a good eatery.
Any specific food? What city?
I'd love to have some seafood in Livermore.
Okay. I found 2 restaurants in Livermore that serve seafood. How does Clay Oven sound?
Not sure about that one. Can you suggest another?
Sure. Another seafood eatery in Livermore is El Charro Mexican Food & Cantina.
Sounds good to me.
Want to book a table there?
No, not now.
How else can I help you out?
Can you help me find a Justin Kelly movie to watch online?
Any preferred genre?
Yes. Biographical is my preference.
How does JT LeRoy sound?
JT LeRoy sounds fantastic! That's all I need for now.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I am looking for a restaurant in Campbell.
What kind of food do you prefer?
I am interested in Pizza and Pasta.
There is a nice restaurant in Campbell called A Bellagio Italian Restaurant.
That will be perfect, I would also like to watch an online movie.
What kind of movie interests you?
Is there any Gangster movies?
there is 1 called Mikey and Nicky.
Yes, Mikey and Nicky would be perfect, thank you, that is all I need for now.
Have a wonderful day!
Could you find me something to eat in Cupertino? I need a place that serves alcohol and is economical priced.
What sort of food are you looking for? You could say Indian, Chinese or soething else.
Shanghai food would be good.
Shanghai Garden is a nice restaurant in Cupertino.
Is there live music?
There is no live music.
Could you tell me the address?
The address is 20956 Homestead Road.
That sounds good. I want to find a movie I can watch online. What about movies directed by Eric Khoo? A drama movie would be good.
There is 1 movie you may like. What about Ramen Shop?
Ramen Shop is good.
Would you like to play the movie?
No thank you.
Is there something else I could help with?
No, that is all.
Have a great day.
I need to find a restaurant.
In which city and what type of food are you looking for?
I'm looking for California style food in Danville.
Bridges is one of 3 restaurants in the Danville area.
Could you suggest 1 of the other 2.
Danville Harvest is also located in Danville.
I would like to find a movie by director david sandberg to watch online.
What kind of movie do you want to see?
I want a suspense movie directed by Kevin Kolsch.
Pet Sematary is an option.
Pet Sematary sounds great.
Would you like me to play the movie.
No thanks. That's all.
Okay. Enjoy your day.
Help me find somewhere to eat. It needs to be in the moderate price range.
What kind of food would you like? Do you want me searching somewhere in particular?
Look for Burger joints in Los Gatos.
I've found 1 restaurant in Los Gatos that might work. How about California Cafe?
They they have alcohol?
They do not, no.
Okay, I'll head there.
Do you want to make a reservation now?
No, not at the moment. Let's find a movie I can watch online.
What sort of movie were you thinking?
Find me something in the Drama genre.
I've found 10 movies that might work. A few examples are Dogman, Hackers, and High Life.
Let's go with Dogman.
Do you want to start watching it now?
No, I'm fine for now. Thanks.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
can you find a place to eat?
What category like Mexican, Italian or anything else do you prefer?
I prefer some Burrito kind of food.
What is your preference in city?
Search for the restaurant in San Leandro.
There are 7 restaurants. One is called Chili's Grill & Bar located in San Leandro.
Can you find me their address?
The address of the restaurant is 15555 East 14th Street Suite 366.
Can you look for any other afforadable priced restaurant?
There is nice restaurant called El Torito located in San Leandro.
Can you look for any other restaurant?
There is nice restaurant called Tequila Grill located in San Leandro.
Can you find me the contact number and search whether they have live music?
They do not have live music and the contact number is 510-895-5351.
Okay, That sounds good to me. Can you find me some fantasy movies to watch online?
I found 4 movies of your choice. What about Dumbo, Hellboy or Mad Max: Fury Road?
Can you look for any other comedy movies directed by Chris Butler?
What do you think of Missing Link?
can you find me any other movie?
Sorry, But I could not find any movies matching your preference. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Please continue searching for movies directed by Tyler Perry.
I found 1 movie. What do think about A madea Family Funeral?
Family Funeral sounds a good movie to me.
Would you like me to play the movie?
NO, Don't play the movie now.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
NO. That will be all. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a great day.
I am looking for somewhere to eat.
What kind of food and what city should I search in?
I am looking for Ramen in Santa Clara.
I found 6 restaurants in Santa Clara. One is Amakai Japanese Cuisine.
Can you suggest another restaurant?
How about Fugetsu in Santa Clara?
Yes that will work.
Should I reserve a table for you?
No, nevermind on that. I want to watch a movie.
What kind of movies do you like.
Mystery movies.
I found 2 movies. How about Body Double or Citizen Kane?
Body Double works. That is all.
Have a great day!
Find me a korean Barbeque type of place to eat
Which city to look in?
In San Fran
ok we have Aato in San Francisco
Any thing else? looking for an average priced place
ok, i got 9 of your liking. Of them is Barnzu in San Francisco
Any thing else? looking for a fancy priced place
Yank Sing in San Francisco
Whats the address?
Its 49 Stevenson street
ok, sounds good
Should i book it?
No, not now
Any thing else?
Find me a movie online.
what kind?
Drama will be nice
ok, how about Hackers, Dogman or High life
Any thing else?
ok, how about Ramen shop, Little woods or Mary Magdalene?
Mary Magdalene sounds good
any thing else?
no, thats it
Have a pleasant day!
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to eat.
Which city should I look in, and what category of cuisine? For example, there's American, Mexican, or anything else you like.
Let's do Korean Barbeque in San Leandro.
There's 1 place in San Leandro called Han Dae Gam Korean BBQ.
Yeah, let's do that.
Should I get you a table?
Nope, not right now. Help me find a movie to steam.
What type of movie?
I want something romantic.
There's 5 that you might like. How about After, Pillow Talk or Say Anything?
I love Pillow Talk.
Should I play it?
No, not right now.
Anything else I can do?
Nope, that's it.
Enjoy the day.
I'm looking for a very expensive place to eat.
What kind of food do you want?
I'm in the mood for French food.
What city do you want me to look in?
I want you to check Los Altos.
I found 1 French restaurant in Los Altos, it's called Ambience Restaurant.
Is there live music?
No, they don't.
It sounds good.
Shall I make a reservation?
Not just yet.
Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I'd like to watch a movie online.
What kind of movie?
I want to watch something funny.
I found 10 funny movies.Does A Madea Family Funeral, Auntie Mame or Dr. Strangelove work for you?
Auntie Mame would be perfect. That's all I need.
Have a great day.
Do you have any recommendations for Greek restaurants? I'd like a place that's intermediate priced.
Sure, in what city are you looking to eat?
I'll be in Los Gatos for dinner.
People love Opa! Los Gatos in Los Gatos. WOuld you like to have dinner there?
Actually, I think I'd rather have some Cambodian food.
Got it. I've found 2 great Cambodian restaurants in Los Gatos. How about Coup De Thai?
Do you know if they serve liquor there? Also, what's their phone number?
You can reach them at 408-442-5977, and they do not serve any kind of alcohol.
Oh, okay. What was the other restaurant you had in mind?
Thai Spice is another popular Cambodian restaurant in Los Gatos.
Okay, that sounds good, thank you. I'd like to watch a movie now.
Sure! What kind of movie would you like to watch?
I'm thinking tonight I want to watch a Drama.
I've found 10 dramas that you might like. Would you like to watch Dogman, Hackers, or High Life? Or something else?
I'd love to watch Hackers, thanks! That's all I need for now!
Sure thing! Enjoy the movie!
I am in need of finding a place to eat. The place I am looking for should be above average priced.
Is there some specific kind of food you are looking for? Can you tell me the city where I should search for the restaurant?
I want the restaurant to be in SF, and I would be fine with Japanese food.
I can suggest Akiko's Restaurant which is a good restaurant situated in San Francisco.
Can you give me their phone number?
If you want to call them you can at 415-397-3218.
Alright, that suits me well.
Do you want to book a table at this restaurant?
No, I don't want to make a reservation now.
Is there something else I can help you with?
I would like to watch a movie online, which is directed by Anna Boden.
Is there a specific category of movie you enjoy?
I usually like watching Adventure movies.
How would you consider watching Captain Marvel?
Captain Marvel would be a great movie to watch.
Do you want the movie to start playing now?
No, I don't want for the movie to play now. That would be all.
Have a wonderful time!
I am so starving.
What are you in the mood for?
A Gastropub would be great.
In what city?
Try San Fran.
I recommend B-side in San Francisco.
Great. Any good Joel Coen adventure flick available on the net?
There's True Grit.
Yeah, True Grit.
So, play it?
Nah. I just wanted to see what you got?
Ok. I can get other things too.
No thank you.
Very well then.
Pull up some average priced eateries please.
I would love to help with that, Are you interested in Mexican, Italian or something else? Also, which city should I search?
Sure, let's look for some awesome Taco type of restaurants in San Jose.
Alright, I've located 1 eatery in San Jose, Tacolicious. Interested?
Maybe, find out if there is live music there.
Unfortunately, there is no live music at this eatery.
Alright then, that will do.
Great, can I assist with anything else at this time?
Yeah, actually I would like to find something to watch online. Pull up some movies please.
Sure, what kind of movie are you in the mood for?
Action would be pretty good right now.
May I suggest the 1 movie I found for you, called The Last Dragon.
Sure, The Last Dragon sound cool. That will be all now.
Ok, enjoy your day.
Help me find a place to eat that's in the moderate price range.
Is there a type of food you prefer, for example American, Italian, or anything else? And what city are you looking in?
I want Greek food in Napa, that would hit the spot.
There's 1 restaurant that matches. It's Tarla Mediterranean Bar + Grill Napa Valley Restaurant which is a nice place in Napa.
Is there live music there?
I'm sorry, there's no live music.
Okay, it still sounds good.
Do you want me to book you a table?
No, that won't be necessary.
Do you need me to do anything else?
Help me look for movies online to watch.
What movies do you prefer?
I like Comedy movies, I also think Tina Gordon is a really food director.
There's 1 movie that you might enjoy, how about Little?
I like Little a lot.
Would you like me to play the it?
No, I don't need you to play it. That's all for now.
Have a pleasant day.
Please find me a moderate priced restaurant serving alcohol and Tacos.
Any particular city I should search in?
It should be in Hayward.
The Mexican Restaurant & Bar, a nice restaurant in Hayward, is 1 restaurant I recommend.
Great, sounds good. I check it out later. In the meantime, please find me an online movie to watch.
Any particular movie genre you'd prefer?
I prefer Biographical movies.
Would you like Breakthrough, JT LeRoy or Searching for Sugar Man?
JT LeRoy is perfect. That will be all. Thanks.
Thank you and have a great day!
I'd like to find somewhere to eat.
What kind of food would you like to eat?
I'd like to try Japanese food please.
Which city would you like me to look in.
Please can you search in San Francisco.
There are 10 restaurants that you might be interested in. How about 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco?
That sounds nice. Please can you help me find a movie to watch online.
What kind of movie would you like to watch?
I'm in the mood for a Drama.
How about Dogman, Hackers or High Life?
Dogman sounds like a good film. I don't need anything else right now.
Enjoy your day.
I want to find some tapas to eat.
What city do you want me to look in?
How about SF?
I found 8 restaurants. Aatxe is a nice restaurant in San Francisco.
Good. That works.
Do you want to reserve a table there?
No, I don't.
Do you need help with anything else?
I would like to find an online movie.
What sort of movies are you into?
Comedy movies are good.
How about A Madea Family Funeral, Auntie Mame or Dr. Strangelove?
Is anything else available?
What about Family, Gloria Bell or Green Book?
Is something else available? Violent movies are good.
There are 2 movies that you might like. How about Ash is Purest White or Blackmail - Cinemix Par Chloe?
Blackmail - Cinemix Par Chloe sounds like a good choice.
Could I assist with something else?
Nah. Thank you.
Have a great day.
Can you help me find somewhere to eat?
In what city should I search and for what type of food? You could give me a suggestion like American, Indian, or anything else that comes to mind.
I'd like a burger place in Mill Valley.
There are 3 places in Mill Valley you may like. How about Lighthouse Bar & Grill?
Yes, that place is good.
Should I get you a table there?
No, not yet. You can find me a movie to stream though.
What type of movie are you in the mood for?
I want a comic movie.
How about A Madea Family Funeral, Auntie Mame, or Dr. Strangelove?
Thanks for the suggestions. I like Dr. Strangelove. That's all for now, thanks.
Have a great day.
i am searching for a place to eat.
Is there any choice in your food ? like Chinese, American etc. Is there any particular city i should search in?
Middle eastern type of food will be okay for me and i want ot in San Leandro.
There is one restaurant at San Leandro called Moussaka Mediterranean Kitchen.
Fine. this is perfect for me. I like to watch a movie online.
What type of movie you want?
Drama movies are great.
Are you like Dogman, Hackers or High Life?
Dogman is okay for me. That's all i want.
Have a nice day.
What are some good restaurants to eat out from?
Are you interested in Italian, American, or a specialty cuisines, and which city are you interested in finding restaurants for?
I want to eat somewhere that serves lobster, and in Redwood City.
Redwood city has many seafood locales, how about Oh Baby Sushi?
Yeah that works for me, can you also recommend me an online drama movie that I can watch?
From 10 movie recommendations, are you interested in watching Dogman, Hackers, or High Life?
I think High Life would be great, thanks for the help, that is all.
Your welcome, glad I could be of assistance.
I almost forgot I have a date coming up I need to plan for! Can you look up some places to eat for me?
Sure, what kind of food?
Anywhere that serves Pasta would be perfect.
Ok, and in what city?
Just around SFO is fine.
Ok, I found 10 restaurants you might like in San Francisco. How about 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano?
Oh, that sounds good.
Do you want to make a reservation?
No, not right now.
Ok, anything else I can do then?
I think going out to a movie would be nice also. Are there any Comic movies directed by Tina Gordon playing right now?
Just 1 - have you heard about Little?
Oh, yeah, Little sounds great. Sounds like a plan then. That's all for now.
Ok, have a good day.
Where can I eat and drink alcohol for a moderate and average priced night out?
In which city are you going out at?
I want to go out in San Francisco.
Which style of food do you like to eat?
Cambodian food sounds delicious right now.
There are 2 Cambodian restaurants, but Anh Hong is situated in the San Francisco area.
Is there music being played there live?
No, no live bands will be playing.
Okay, that still sounds good, can you find me a good movie from Anna Boden to watch?
Which movie style sounds best right now?
An adventure film sounds excellent.
I found 1 movie that seems to match your interests, how about Captain Marvel?
Captain Marvel seems promising.
Would you like the movie to start playing?
No, not right now.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Nothing I can thing of, thank you!
Okay then, have a good one!
Find a coffeehouse place to eat.
Which city?
San Fran.
I found 10 places. Acquolina is in San Francisco.
Do they serve alcohol?
No, they don't.
That works.
Do you want a reservation?
No, not now. Find a movie online.
Which genre?
Adventure.
I found 4 movies. How about Captain Marvel, Shazam!, or The Poseidon Adventure?
Shazam! please. That's all for now.
Have nice day.
I need a nice restaurant.
In which city would you like to search?
I need it in San Jose. I need something priced moderate.
Which type of food would you like, for example Chinese, Italian or anything else?
I need some Freshwater fish.
There are 10 restaurants which match your selection. Ariake is a nice restaurant in San Jose.
Yeah, that sounds good. I need to fine a movie too that is Romantic and directed by Tom McCarthy.
How about The Visitor?
Is there anything else?
There are no movies which match your selection. Is there anything else that I may help you with?
I want to keep looking. I also like movies that are Fantasy and directed by Hiroyasu Ishida.
What about the movie Penguin Highway?
Yeah I want Penguin Highway. Thanks for that!
Of course. Have a wonderful day.
I would like to find some food.
What city and type for example, American or Chinese?
I want Halal in Dublin.
In Dublin, I have Pamir Restaurant.
Yes I accept and want to watch a movie by Matteo Garrone.
What genre do you like?
I like Drama movies.
I have 1 called Dogman.
Dogman is perfect, thanks.
Have a good time.
I want you to find me some restaurant. I'm not pretentious about the cost.
In what city do you prefer and what kind of food?
Some Oriental food in Berkeley will be great.
I have 8 restaurants for you.A nice place located in Berkeley is Da Lian Restaurant.
Tell me the address.
1674 Shattuck Avenue is the address.
Are there any other restaurants?
A nice one located in Berkeley is Great China Restaurant.
Tell me if liquor is served and the contact number.
510-843-7996 is the phone number.Alcohol is not served here.
Any other option? Pizza and Pasta I would like.
I have 8 restaurants which you might like.In Berkeley is a nice place called Cugini Restaurant.
Yes is good.Find me a Drama movie directed by Laure de Clermont-Tonnerre to watch online.
What do you think about The Mustang?
Yes The Mustang is perfect.That's all that I needed.
Have a great day!
I want to eat out at a joint in San Jose that serves alcohol.
What kind of cuisine are you interested in? Mexican? Indian? Something else?
pizza and pasta would be my ultimate joy.
There are 10 suitable restaurants in San Jose. Angelo's Italian restaurant would be an excellent choice.
Can you recommend something else in SF that has live music?
Fior D'italia is a wonderful restaurant in San Francisco.
Is the food expensive?
Yes, it is expensive.
That is exactly what I want.
You would like to make a reservation?
No, I don't. I want to stream a movie online.
What type of movie?
Preferable an adventure movie.
There are 4 suitable movies. Would you like to see Captain marvel, shazam! or the poseidon adventure?
I won't mind see captain marvel.
You would like to stream the movie?
No, I don't
Do you need help with anything else?
No, that's ok.
Enjoy the rest of the day.
Find me some places to eat
Which city are you searching for
I am looking for something afforadable in San Fran
Any food preferences? Mexican, american or something else?
Chinese cuisine would be great
I found 10 restaurants in san francisco. How about beijing restaurant?
That works. I also need help in finding a movie to watch online
any specific preferences?
Comedy movies work
I have found 10 movies. How about a madea family funeral, auntie mame or dr. strangelove?
A madea family funeral would be perfect
should I play that now
No, I will do that later. Thanks. That would be all.
Have a fantastic day
I might be meeting with some friends, what moderate priced restaurant do you recommend in Oakland?
What type of cuisine are you looking for?
Something that sells Freshwater fish.
There are 6 possible restaurants. How about Alamar Kitchen & Bar in Oakland?
What other restaurants are there?
There is also Judoku Sushi in Oakland.
Yes, I want to go watch a movie. Search for imax show times of a Documentary at Embarcadero Center Cinema.
There is also Lake Chalet in Oakland.
Do they sell liquor? And do they have live music?
The do have live music and they serve liquor.
That is awesome. But I think I prefer to watch a movie online, what biographical movie do you recommend? Is there something directed by Martin Scorsese?
There is 1 movie you might light. Are you interested in Shine a Light?
Shine a Light sounds great.
Do you want to play the movie?
No, not right now.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that would be all. Thank you.
Have a great day.
I've got a date coming up and need to find somewhere for us to eat. Can you look up restaurants for me?
Sure, what kind of food and around what part of town?
Anywhere in San Francisco with Dumplings would be great.
I found 10 restaurants in San Francisco you might like. What about Alice's?
What's their number? Do they have live music?
Their number is 415-282-8999. They don't have live music.
Ok, that's fine. That sounds good.
Ok, do you want to make a reservation?
No, not yet.
Ok, anything else I can do then?
Yeah, can you see what movies are playing right now? If there are any War movies by James Kent that would be great.
How about The Aftermath?
Ooh, I've heard good things about the Aftermath. Sounds like a plan! Thanks, that's all.
Sure, have a good day.
I looking to eat in Albany that is afforadable
What kind of food do you like, American or indian
i like some american food
i recommend cafe eugene in albany
yes that's perfect
do you want to reserve a table
no not yet
anything else i can do for you
I want to watch movie suspense direct anthony maras
there is 1 movie called hotel mumbai
hotel mumbai is perfect
would you like to play this movie
no, that's all i need
have a nice day
I am looking for a place to eat with Pizza.
What city should I look in?
Napa
Allegria is a nice restaurant in Napa.
Sure. I also want to watch a movie online.
What genre of movies do you like?
Romantic movies by Cameron Crowe.
I found 1 movie, how about Say Anything?
Say Anything sounds good. That is all I need.
Have a great day!
Can you help me find a place to eat in Lafayette?
What type of food are you looking for? You can say Indian, American or anything else.
I like American food.
I have found the American Kitchen located in Lafayette.
Can you please suggest any other restaurants that are a little more affordable in price?
I have found 3 restaurants for you. Metro Lafayette is nice and located in Lafayette.
Yes, that works fine. Can you help me find a move to watch online?
What type of movies do you like?
Romantic movies are nice.
How about After, Pillow Talk or Say Anything?
After sounds great. That is all I need for now, thank you.
You are welcome. Have a good day.
I need a place to eat
In which city? What would you like to eat?
In Milpitas. I'd like some Szcheuan food
There are 4 restaurants in Milpitas. Do you like Koi Palace - Milpitas?
Yes, I would like it
Do I book a table?
Not now, thanks.
Do you need anything else?
Yes I would like to watch a movie online
What kind of movie would you like to see?
I like Rom-com movies
Do you prefer After, Pillow Talk or Say Anything?
I prefer Pillow Talk, thanks! That's all for now
Have a nice day
I am in the mood for some coffee & light bites.
In which city?
Somewhere in SF
There are 10 suitable restaurants in San Francisco. Acquolina is a nice choice.
Is there live music and is the food expensive?
No, the prices is moderate and there is no live music.
Great, that would be fine.
Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, I don't.
Is there anything else?
I would like to see a online drama directed by qui sheng.
Would you like to see suburban birds?
Not really. Is there another movie?
No, I was unable to find anything else. Would you need additional assistance?
Keep looking till you find a life history movie by martin scorsese.
There is 1 movie available. Would you like to see shine a light?
Shine a light would be perfect.
You would like to see the movie?
No, I don't. That would be all.
Enjoy your day.
Please help me find a place to eat.
Where would you like to look? Do you know what kind of food you'd like?
I would like something with freshwater fish. I'm looking for someplace near Point Reyes Station.
I have 2 possible restaurants. Would you like Due West? That is a nice place located in Point Reyes Station.
What else do you have?
Station House Cafe is also a good restaurant in Point Reyes Station.
Yes, that one is good. I also want to find a movie to watch online. Do you have anything directed by Christian Petzold?
What kind of movie are you interested in seeing?
I'm in the mood for adventure movies. Something directed by Anna Boden would be good.
I have 1 movie you might like. How about Captain Marvel?
Captain Marvel is good.
Do you want to play it now?
No, not right now. That's all.
Have a great day.
Could you help me find a good spot for eating in San Francisco?
Which foods are you looking for, like Italian, Chinese or Mexican?
I would enjoy Pizza and Pasta right now.
There are 10 good restaurants for that in San Francisco, but how about 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano?
What other restaurants would you suggest in San Jose?
There are 10 restaurants I think you would like in San Jose like the Al Castello Ristorante.
Is there liquor and live music there?
They do not have either of those things.
Okay, that sounds nice to me.
Should I set up a table reservation there then?
No, please do not set up the reservation.
Is there anything else you want?
A movie from Tyler Perry would be great if you could find it on the internet for me.
Which type of movie are you in the mood for?
A Comedy sounds interesting.
A Madea Family Funeral might interest you.
A Madea Family Funeral would be excellent, and that's everything.
Okay then, goodbye.
I want to find a Cambodian restaurant to eat at.
Sure, what city should I look in?
Concord please.
I found 2 restaurants for you. How about Bronze Buddha in Concord?
That sounds good.
Should I make a reservation for you?
No, I don't need a reservation.
Ok, is there anything else you need?
Yes, I want to find an online movie to watch that is directed by Garth Davis.
What type of movies do you enjoy watching?
I like drama movies the most.
I found 1 movie which is titled Mary Magdalene.
Mary Magdalene sounds good. Thanks. That's all for now.
Alright, hope you have a nice day.
I am looking for a place to eat in Sonoma that is reasonably priced.
What type of food are you looking for? You can say Indian, American or anything else.
I would like some comfort food if possible please.
I have found the Schellville Grill in Sonoma.
Yes, that works for me.
Would you like a table there?
No thank you. Can you help me find a movie online?
What kid of movies do you like?
I really like sports movies.
I found 1 movie that matched your search. How about Fighting with My Family?
Fighting with Family sounds great.
Would you like to play the movie?
No thank you. That is all I need for now.
Okay, have a nice day.
I'm looking for somewhere to eat. Latin American food sounds good.
Where should I search?
I want something in Milpitas.
There's a nice restaurant in Milpitas called Baja Cactus you might like.
Is there live music there? What are the prices like?
There is no live music and their prices are moderate.
That works for me. I'd also like to find a movie to watch. How about a Cartoon movie directed by Dean DeBlois.
Does How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World sound good?
Are they any others?
I couldn't find any other movies matching your search. What else can I help you with?
I'd like to continue searching for movies. How about a drama movie directed by Likarion Wainaina?
I found 1 movie you might like. How about Supa Modo?
Supa Modo sounds good. That's all I need for now.
Alright, have a nice day!
I would like to find a restaurant that serves Parisian food.
In which city should I search?
I would like a restaurant in SF.
Amelie San Francisco is located in San Francisco.
Where are they located and what is their phone number?
They are located on 1754 Polk Street and their phone number is 415-292-6916.
Could you suggest another restaurant?
There is Aquitaine Wine Bar & Bistro in San Francisco.
Yes, that works for me. I would like to watch a movie.
What kind of movie are you looking for?
I would like a drama movie.
There are 10 movies. Do you like Dogman, Hackers or High Life?
Hackers is great. That is all I needed.
Have a good.
I am interested in somewhere that serves Portuguese food in San Jose.
There is 1 restaurant called Adega in San Jose.
Where are they?
They are at 1614 Alum Rock Avenue.
Yes that sounds good.
Would you like to book a table at this restaurant?
No I don't thin so.
Do you need anymore assistance?
I would like a funny movie to watch online that is directd by Tina Gordon.
There is 1 possible movie for you called Little.
Little is Fab.
Would you like me to play it for you?
No I dont think so.
What else can I do for you?
Nothing thanks.
have a lovely day.
I want to grab a burgers in San Jose.
Black Angus Steakhouse is a good restaurant in San Jose.
Okay, that is good. Could you find me a movie to watch online? I like movies where Matteo Garrone is the director.
What sort of movies are you into?
I like movies that Michael Schultz directs. Action movies are perfect.
How about The Last Dragon?
The Last Dragon is wonderful.
Would you like to play the movie?
No, not right now. That is all I need.
Have a great day.
Can you help me find a restaurant?
What type of food are you looking for?
American food that is intermediate priced.
In which city?
I prefer San Fran
There are 10. What about Academy Bar And Kitchen located in San Francisco? Any interest?
Is there another?
Alba Ray's is a very highly recommended restaurant located in San Francisco
Sounds great. I also want to watch a movie online.
What type of movie: horror, drama or comedy?
Alfred Hitchcock is my favorite director. I really enjoy fight movies.
What do you think of Blackmail - Cinemix Par Chloe?
Blackmail - Cinemix Par Chloe is perfect.
Shall I play the movie?
Not right now.
Is there anything else I can do?
No that's all
Have a nice day
I want to find an Asian restaurant.
What city should I look in?
Find an Asian restaurant in San Fran.
8 Immortals Restaurant is a nice restaurnt serving Asian food located in San Francisco.
Is there live music?
There is no live music.
Okay, that should work.
Do you want to reserve a table here?
No, not right now. Find me a movie to watch online.
What sort of movies do you like?
Comedy movies are cool.
There are 10 movies that you might like. What about A Madea Family Funeral, Auntie Mame or Dr. Strangelove?
A Madea Family Funeral is a good one. That is all for now.
Have a great day.
Can you help me find a restaurant?
Sure. Please tell me the city in which I should search as well as if you prefer a specific cuisine.
I'd like an Italian restaurant in Los Gatos.
There's 8 restaurants matching your criteria in Los Gatos out of which I recommend Aldo's Ristorante & Bar.
Anything else which I might like?
In Los Gatos there's also Campo Di Bocce Of Los Gatos.
Yes, that's perfect.
Do you want me to place a reservation for you?
No, not at the moment.
Is there anything else I could do for you?
Can you please find me a movie to watch online?
Any particular type of movie in mind?
A Drama directed by Likarion Wainaina would be great.
Would you like Supa Modo?
Yes, Supa Modo is awesome. That will be all for now!
Have a great day!
I'm looking for somewhere to eat. Can you find some affordable American food for me?
Where should I look?
I want something in Berkeley.
I found 9 places you might like. How about B&b Kitchen & Wine Bar in Berkeley?
That sounds good. I'd also like to find a movie to watch. Maybe a Fantasy movie directed by George Miller.
How does Mad Max: Fury Road sound?
Can you find something else? A Comedy movie directed by Tina Gordon sounds good.
I found 1 movie you might like. How about Little?
Little sounds great.
Should I play the movie for you?
No, not right now.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's all for now.
Alright, have a nice day.
I want to eat in Fremont.
What type of food?
I would like Thai food.
I found 2. In Fremont is Banh Thai Restaurant.
Do they have liquor?
They do not have liquor.
I accept. I also want to watch a movie online directed by Anthony Maras.
What genre do you like?
I like Thriller movies.
I have 1 movie called Hotel Mumbai.
I want to watch Hotel Mumbai.
Enjoy your movie and food.
I'd like to find a restaurant
Sure, which city are you looking in? Also are you interested in Italian or Mexican?
San Francisco and I'd like Middle eastern
There are 10 restaurants I've found. How about Barcha in San Francisco?
What else is there? I'd like something that afforadable please.
There's La Marsa in San Francisco.
Is there life music and what's the number?
No live music and 415-872-9767
Is there anything else?
Yes, there's Lark in San Francisco.
Perfect
Shall I book a reservation?
No, not now. I'd like to watch a movie directed by Chris Butler that's a comedy.
How about the movie Missing Link?
Yes, Missing Link sounds good. Thanks so much.
Enjoy your day
I want to eat. I'm in the mood for some freshwater fish.
What city should I look for food in?
Millbrae.
Little Whale Seafood is in Millbrae.
That's fine. I'd also like to watch a movie.
What type of movies do you like?
I like gangster movies.
Do you like Mikey and Nicky?
Mikey and Nicky is a good one.
Would you like to watch the movie?
Not right now.
Do you need help with anything else?
No, I'm good.
Have a nice day.
I'm interested in Italian food somewhere in San Carlos.
Sure, there are 4 restaurants I've found. How about Delizie in San Carlos.
What's their location and how much?
They are a moderate priced restaurant and the address is 1107 San Carlos Avenue
Perfect
Shall I book a table?
No, not now. I'm interested in movies directed by Neil Burger.
Ok, which genre would you prefer?
Comedy
There's a movie called The Upside that you might like.
What else is there? I like Stephen Merchant as the director and I really enjoy sports movies.
Ok, I've found 1. How about Fighting with My Family?
Fighting with My Family sounds awesome. Thanks.
Enjoy your day.
I'd like to go out to a restaurant in SF.
Do you fancy anything in particular? Indian food, or American food, or anything else?
I fancy Japanese food.
I found 10 Japanese restaurants. You could try 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco.
Mmm, yes, I'll try that.
So shall I make a reservation?
No, not yet.
Anything else you want help with?
I want to watch a movie online. I fancy watching drama, maybe something by Claire Denis.
I found 1 option- would you like to watch High Life?
Yes, I'd like to watch High Life. That'll be all I require for now.
Have a good day!
Find me a place that serves alcohol and Cambodian food.
What city do you want to eat in?
I want to eat in Milpitas.
Search revealed 1 place. Vung Tau Ii Restaurant is in Milpitas.
What is their price range and do they have live bands?
Their prices are moderate and they do not have live music.
That is good. Find me a movie to see nearby.
Search revealed 3 movies. They are Hellboy, Little, and The Curse of La Llorona.
Little works for me. Make a reservation for 2 at the previous restaurant.
What time do you want to eat?
I want to eat at 18:45.
You want a reservation for 2 people at Vung Tau Ii Restaurant in Milpitas at 6:45 pm on March 1st. Is that right?
That is right.
I can't get you a table. Do you want something else?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
I'd like to find a place to eat that serves alcohol. Gastrobar sounds perfect.
What city should I look in?
I'd like to find an above average priced place in SFO.
Sessions At The Presidio is a good choice in San Francisco.
Are there other options?
The Dorian is another nice place in San Francisco.
That will work.
Do you want to reserve a table?
Maybe another time.
Is there anything else?
I'd like to watch a movie around there.
How does Ash Is Purest White, Body Double or Captain Marvel sound?
Ash Is Purest White will be great. Could you book a table at the restaurant for three people?
What time would you like the reservation at?
Please make it for 13:00.
Please confirm the following: You want a table for 3 people at The Dorian in San Francisco on March 1st at 1 pm.
Yes, that's fine. What's their address and contact number?
The table has been reserved. Their address is 2001 Chestnut Street and their number is 415-814-2671.
Thanks a lot!
Is there anything else?
No, thanks for everything.
Have a great day!
I would like to find somewhere to eat.
What city should I search in?
I would like you to search in Union City.
What sort of food do you want? Say Chinese, Italian, orsomething else.
Curry would be great.
I have 2 restaurants. Favorite Indian Restaurant is a nice restaurant in Union City.
Is there music?
There is no live music.
Would you suggest something else?
Kabila is a nice restaurant in Union City.
Is it pricey? Is liquor served there?
The price range is moderate and alcohol is not served.
That sounds like it should work.
Could I assist any further?
i would like to watch a movie at Century Union Landing. I want to see a 3d show.
I found 5 movies. What do you think about After, Breakthrough or Hellboy.
Breakthrough is great. Would you try to book a table at the restaurant I liked?
What time will the reservation be for?
Make the reservation at half past 1 in the afternoon.
Would you confirm the following? You would like to book a table at Kabila in Union City at 1:30 pm for 2 people on March 1st?
That sounds good.
Your reservation was made.
Thanks so much
CoudlI help with something else?
No. That is it. Thanks.
Have a great day.
Hi there, any nice places I can dine at which has live music?
Any preference on the location of the restaurant?
Something in the SFO area will be great!
Any preference on the type of food?
I would like some breakfast food, have been craving that for a while.
Sure, would you like McDonald's in the San Francisco area?
Sure, that sounds great! Could you also help me search for some Fight movies at Vogue Theatre? Would prefer a regular show.
There is 1 movie fulfilling your preference, which is titled Ash is Purest White.
Ash is Purest White sounds perfect to me!
Would you like me to reserve the tickets for you?
No, that's not necessary, thanks alot though!
Do you require any further assistance?
Could you help me make a reservation for the restaurant mentioned previously?
Sure, what time will you be dining in at?
I will be dining in at afternoon 12.
Please confirm your reservation for 2 at McDonald's in San Francisco at 12 pm on March 1st.
May I have their address and contact number too? Yes, the reservation sounds great.
Sorry, i was not able to make a reservation for you. Do you need any further assistance?
It's fine, thats all the help I need, thanks!
Sure, enjoy your time there!
I'd like to find a place to eat.
What kind of food and what city would you like to eat in?
I'm looking for pizza in Walnut Creek.
I found 7 pizza restaurants in Walnut Creek. Caffe delle Stelle Restaurant a good option.
That sounds good. What movies are showing around there?
I found 5. What do you think of Captain Marvel, Little or Missing Link?
I'd like to see Missing Link.
Would you like to order tickets?
Not just now.
Is there anything else you need?
I'd like to make a reservation at the pizza place.
For what time?
This evening 5:15.
To confirm: You would like to make a reservation for 2 at Caffe Delle Stelle Restaurant in Walnut Creek for 5:15 pm March 1st.
Correct. What is the address? Is it a pricey restaurant?
I wasn't able to make the reservation. Is there something else I can do?
Not right now. Thanks.
Have a great day.
Can you help me find someplace to eat?
Where would you like to search?
I am looking for something affordable in Santa Rosa. Do you have any Mediterranean restaurants?
Monti's is a nice place in Santa Rosa.
That will be good. Also, I'd like to see a suspense movie nearby at Airport Stadium Cinemas. Are there any 3d showings?
I have 1 movie that fits your request. Would you like to see Pet Sematary?
Pet Sematary is just the thing. Oh, can you also book a table at the restaurant you mentioned?
What time would you like to reserve?
I would like a table for 4 around evening 6:30.
Please confirm: you are booking a table for 4 at Monti's in Santa Rosa. The reservation will be on March 1st at 6:30 pm.
Yes, that's good. What's the address there? Do they serve liquor?
Your reservation has been made. Their street address is 714 Village Court. Sorry, they don't serve alcohol.
Thanks, that was all I needed help with.
Have a great day.
Can you help me find a place to eat?
In which city would you like to eat?
San Jose, please.
What type of food do you want? I can find American, Italian, or something else.
Some Fish or seafood cuisine would be nice.
Ariake in San Jose looks nice.
What's the address?
They're located at 1008 Blossom Hill Road.
That sounds great.
Do you want to reserve a table?
Not right now. Perhaps later.
Do you need help with anything else?
I'd like to watch a movie around there too. How about something at CineLux Almaden?
I would 6 different movies, including Breakthrough, Dumbo, and Hellboy.
Breakthrough sounds good to me.
Do you want to buy tickets?
No, not right now, but can you reserve a table at the restaurant?
What time would you like?
Make it at morning 11:30 please.
Please confirm; you want a table at Ariake for 2 people in San Jose on March 1st at 11:30 am.
Yes, that's perfect.
I've confirmed your reservation.
Thank you for your help!
Do you need help with anything else?
No, that will be all thank you.
Have a great day!
Can you search for some nice places to eat and I need Live music there for my relaxation.
Do you have any particular City to search for?
Yes, search it in Livermore.
May I know your interested type of food like American, Chinese or Anything else you liked the most, because it will help me to search the results fast and accurate.
Search for some Spicy Indian food in Petaluma and I also want them to supply alcohol there. Can you find the one as per these details?
Found a restaurant named Shree Indian Cuisine in Petaluma, How about that? Is that suit your taste?
Yes, I am thinking the same. Now I want to search for an Adventure genre 3d Show at Boulevard Cinema. Can you search for the best one for me?
What is your opinion on Shazam!?
Shazam is perfect to me. Thanks.
Do you want me to purchase the tickets to that movie?
No, not now. Please go back to table booking at the restaurant that you have found for me.
For what time?
I need to reserve it at 17:45.
Please confirm to reserve a table for 2 at Shree Indian Cuisine in Petaluma on March 1st at 5:45 pm.
That is confirmed to proceed.
I have booked the table successfully.
Thanks and that's all for now.
Have a great day.
Can you help me locate a cafe serving soup & salad in the SF area?
Of course. There is a nice restaurant by the name of Bask in San Francisco.
That sounds good to me. Can you find a movie for me around there at Marina Theatre? I really like fantasy movies, but any type will be ok with me.
I did find 1 movie. What about Hellboy?
Hellboy sounds great. Could you book me a table at Bask?
Yes, for what time?
Lets go with 6 in the evening.
To confirm: You wish to reserve a table at 6 pm, for 2 people on March 1st at Bask restaurant in San Francisco. is this correct?
Yes it is. Do they serve alcohol?
Yes they do serve alcohol. Your table is confirmed.
Thanks for your help.
Is there anything else I can do?
No that will be all.
Have a nice day.
Can you get me some economical food. Maybe Pizza and Pasta? I want something, but just don't have much of a budget.
What city will you need to dine in?
Just give me San Jose.
There are 10 in San Jose. How about Al Castello Ristorante?
What is their street number?
They're at 2083 Camden Avenue.
Close enough. I can get there.
Do you want a table?
Hmm, not yet. I want to catch a movie while I'm out.
How about getting you set up with tickets for A madea Family Funeral, Breakthrough or After?
Breakthrough might be nice.
What about tickets?
Not yet, get me a table at that Pizza Pasta Place.
What time do you want to eat?
Get me in at 6 in the evening.
Ok, here's what I have. 2 for dinner at 6 pm at Al Castello Ristorante in San Jose on March 1st?
Fine, that's good. Do they have any hooch up in there?
While you do have a table, they don't serve alcohol. You can reach them at 408-369-9820.
Fine, that works great.
Will you require further help?
Not right now.
Have a good meal.
Can you find a place to eat which serves Breakfast kind of food?
Which city do you want me to look in?
Search for the restaurant in San Francisco.
There are 10 restaurants. One is called Baker Street Bistro located in San Francisco.
Can you check whether the restaurant is costly and whether they have live music?
The price range is moderate and they don't have live music.
Can you look for any other budget priced restaurant in San Jose?
There is 1 restaurant called Mcdonald's located in San Jose.
Okay, That sounds good to me. Can you find an interesting movie around there?
There are 10 movies. What do you think of A Madea Family Funeral, After or Breakthrough?
Can you search for any other movies?
What do you think about Captain Marvel, Dogman or Dumbo?
Can you search for any other movies?
What do you think about Hellboy, How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World or Little?
Hellboy sounds perfect to me. Can you go back to booking a table at the restaurant I liked?
What should I put the time for the reservation?
Put the timing as 12:00.
Please confirm: You want me to reserve a table for 2 people at Mcdonald's located in San Jose on March 1st at 12 pm.
Yes, That is correct.
I have successfully made the reservation.
Can you check their contact number and whether they have live music?
The contact number is 408-528-6700 and they have live music.
Thank for the help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. That will be all.
I am glad I could help. Have a great day.
Help me looks for somewhere to eat.
What city do you want to look in? And is there a type of food that you prefer, like Mexican, Italian, or anything else?
Ramen would totally be great. And let's look in Concord.
There's Benihana in Concord which you might like.
What's another suggestion?
There's Kamrai Sushi & Thai Grill in Concord which you might like.
Okay, that sounds good. I also want to go to a movie while I'm there.
What do you think about Captain Marvel, Dumbo, or Little.
I've been wanting to watch Dumbo.
Do you need me to do anything else?
Can you get me a reservation at that restaurant we talked about?
What time do you prefer?
I want it in the morning 11:30.
I'll get you a table for 2 at Kamrai Sushi & Thai Grill in Concord on March 1st at 11:30 am, is that right?
Yes, please make the reservation.
I've made the reservation.
Thanks so much.
Can I don anything else for you?
No, thanks again, really.
Have a pleasant day.
I'm trying to find a restaurant.
Sure, what type of food?
I'm looking for a sushi bar.
In what city please?
In SF and I'd like something that's reasonably priced.
How about Atami Sushi Bar & Grill in San Francisco?
What's the address and phone number please?
Their address is 1662 Lombard Street and a telephone number is 415-614-1958.
What other suggestions do you have?
There is also Juban Yakiniku House Japanese in San Francisco.
Is there anything else? I need a place that serves alcohol.
Sushi Hunter is a good option in San Francisco.
Sounds good to me.
Shall I reserve a table for you?
Possibly in a bit.
What else may I help you with?
I'm interested in finding a movie to see. I'd like to see something in the fantasy genre in 3d.
Perhaps you'd like to see Penguin Highway.
I'd love to see Penguin Highway, thanks. Also could you try to make a reservation at the restaurant I was interested in?
For what time?
I'd like it at half past 7 in the evening for one person.
Confirming a reservation for 1 on March 1st at Sushi Hunter in San Francisco at 7:30 PM.
Sounds good, thank you. Could you tell me how to reach them?
There seems to have been a problem with the reservation, my apologies. May I help you with anything else?
I don't think so.
Thank you very much.
I need to find a place to eat.
Do you know the name of the city you would like me to search?
Yes, I would like you to search Daly City.
What kind of food is your preference?
I love Taiwanese!
There are 2 restaurants. One is called Jade Dragon Restaurant and it is in Daly City.
I bet they are expensive, can you tell me the price?
Fortunately they have an inexpensive price range.
Can you give me their address and tell me if they have live music?
They are on 2368 Junipero Serra Boulevard. Unfortunately there is no live music there.
Ok, that will work for me anyway!
Do you want me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, but not right now.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are there any movies playing around there?
Yes, there are 7 movies. Are you interested in Breakthrough, Dumbo or Hotel Mumbai?
Are there any other movies around there?
There is also How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World, Pet Sematary, or Shazam! Any of those interest you?
Please search for other movies. I am into scary movies and would like to go to Century Daly City.
The Curse of La Llorona is playing.
The Curse of La Llorona would work out great!
Do you want to buy the tickets right now?
No, not right now. I will probably buy them at the movie theater.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you book at table at the restaurant we talked about earlier.
What time would you like your reservation for?
I would like it in the morning 11:30.
Please confirm that you would like to book at table at Jade Dragon Restaurant in Daly City on March 1st at 11:30 am for 2 people.
Yes, perfect! Do they serve liquor by the way?
I have booked your reservation. Unfortunately they do not serve alcohol.
Can you please give me their contact number?
Yes, their number is 650-756-8900.
Thank you, that is all I need for now.
Have a great day!
Can you find a restaurant for me?
Sure. Please tell me your preferred cuisine, like maybe American, Chinese or maybe something else, as well as the city in which you'd like me to search.
Please find me some Izakaya in Mountain View.
There are 9 restaurants matching your criteria in Mountain View. How about Bushido.
Sounds perfect to me.
Do you want me to book a table for you?
Not at the moment. Can you please find me Comedy movie, regular show, to watch in the area.
There's 1 movie matching your criteria - Little.
Little is actually awesome. Now let's book the restaurant. Please make the reservation on the 7th.
At what time?
Half past 5 in the evening would be great.
Can you please confirm that you want me to book a table for 2 at Bushido in Mountain View on March 7th at 5:30 pm.
Yes, that's correct.
Unfortunately I wasn't able to book your table at Bushido. I can try making the same reservation for 2 on March 7th at 5 pm.
OK, let's try.
I've managed to place your reservation.
Thanks a lot. That will be all for now.
Have a great day!
I feel hungry, so I need to find a place to eat.
Is there some specific kind of food you want to have? It can be Mexican, Indian or something else.
I would like to have the Gastropub kind of food.
Can you tell me the city where I should look for?
I would like for the restaurant to be in SFO.
I can suggest B-Side restaurant, which is a good restaurant in San Francisco.
Can you check if they serve liquor there, and if they have live music?
Unfortunately they do not have live music, but they do serve alcohol there.
Is there some other restaurant you can suggest?
Another good restaurant is Balboa Cafe in San Francisco.
Is there any other restaurant which you can tell me?
I can suggest also Bartlett Hall in San Francisco which is a nice restaurant.
Yes, that suits me well. I would like to watch a movie around there. I want to watch the movie at Century San Francisco Centre, and I want for the movie to be a 3d one. I would enjoy watching Ghost movies.
How would you consider watching The Curse of La Llorona?
I think that The Curse of La Llorona would be good. Can you also book a table for me at the restaurant I liked?
Can you tell me the time for when you want the reservation be made for?
I want to have the table be booked for 10:30 am
Can you please confirm that you want to book a table for 2 people at Bartlett Hall in San Francisco on March 1st at 10:30 am?
That's right. Can you give me their address?
I apologize but I could not complete the reservation you wanted. Can I do something else for you.
Nothing. I appreciate your help very much.
Have a wonderful time!
Can you please find me a good restaurant?
In which city should I find the restaurant? Do you have any cuisine in mind, like Chinese or Italian?
I think I'll go with some Brasserie in SF.
There are 10 restaurants based on your preferences. One of them is Bistro 10un, which is a nice brasserie in San Francisco.
Is it an expensive restaurant? Can I have their contact number please?
It is an inexpensive restaurant and their phone number is 415-276-4048.
Can you find me some Barbecue restaurants?
1760 is a nice barbecue restaurant in San Francisco.
What other options do I have?
How about 25 Lusk, a barbecue in San Francisco?
That sounds good to me.
Do you want me to reserve a table for you there?
No, not now. Maybe later.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are there any movies close to that restaurant?
There are 10 movies showing in that locality. Would you be interested in Ash Is Purest White, Body Double or Captain Marvel?
Ash Is Purest White is a good suggestion. Thank you. Can you now book a table for me at that restaurant?
When do you plan to arrive?
I'll be there by 6:15 pm.
Reserving a table for 2 at 25 Lusk in San Francisco at 6:15 pm on March 1st. Shall I proceed?
Yes, please do.
Your table has been booked successfully.
Thanks a bunch!
Can I do anything else for you?
No. That'll be all.
Have a great day!
I am searching for a eating place
What sort of food you need and where you want me to look in?
Any kind of fish food is good and i prefer Campbell
There is a nice restaurant called Capers Eat & Drink in Campbell
How much it costs there?
The price range is moderate
Can you look for some other restaurant?
There is a nice restaurant called Pacific Catch in Campbell
That is perfect and i need to watch a movie like Fantasy in imax there
I have looked in 2 movies and what is your opinion on Dumbo & Hellboy?
I prefer Dumbo
You need to buy tickets?
No, i don't need to buy tickets now
Can you help me with something else?
Can you book a table at restaurant of my liking at quarter past 7 in the evening on next Friday?
Please give confirmation details: Booking a table at Pacific Catch at Campbell city. It is for 2 people at 7:15 pm on March 8th
That is perfect and can i have their phone number?
Booking is done and their phone number is 408-879-9091
Do they provide liquor and how much it costs?
They do provide alcohol and price range is moderate
Thank you very much
Have a nice day
Hey, can you find me a place to eat?
Sure, where are you looking?
Somewhere in Berkeley.
Okay, what kind of food? You can ask for Chinese, Indian, or something else.
I'd like to eat Pasta.
Righto, how about Cugini Restaurant in Berkeley?
Is it a fancy restaurant? How can I contact them?
No, it's a moderate restaurant. You can call them on 510-558-9000.
Is there anywhere else?
How about Donato & Co. in Berkeley?
Is there anything else?
Okay, how about Filippo's Berkeley Elmwood, also in Berkeley.
Yeah, that sounds good. Can I watch a movie nearby?
Sure. I found 7 movies for you, how about Captain Marvel, Dumbo or Hellboy?
Hellboy sounds great, thanks.
No worries, anything else?
Yeah, could you book me a table for one at the restaurant from eleven in the morning on March 2nd?
Certainly, please confirm that you'd like a table for 1 at Filippo's Berkeley Elmwood in Berkeley from 11 am on March 2nd.
Yes, that's fine.
Sorry, it didn't work. Let's try Filippo's Berkeley Elmwood for 1 from 11:30 am on March 2nd instead.
Sounds good, do it.
It was successful.
Thanks so much, that'll be all.
Okay, see you.
I would like to find an Izakaya restaurant in San Francisco please.
I have 10 options in San Francisco. Would you be interested in 2g Japanese Brasserie?
What else is there that's kind of pricey?
I have 10 San Francisco restaurants fitting that description. Perhaps you'd like Akiko's Restaurant?
Do they have alcohol? Also, what's the phone number?
No, they don't serve alcohol. The phone number there is 415-397-3218.
What other suggestions do you have?
Also in San Francisco, I would recommend An Japanese Restaurant.
That sounds like a good one. Also, I want to find a movie to watch, something violent.
I found 1 movie you might like, Ash Is Purest White.
Yes, Ash Is Purest White is great.
Shall I purchase tickets for you?
Not now, thanks. Can you try making a restaurant reservation please?
For what time?
In the evening 6 on this Saturday.
Confirming a table for 2 on March 2nd at 6 pm at An Japanese Restaurant in San Francisco.
Yes, great. Now I just need their phone number and whether or not they have live music.
No, they don't have live music, I'm sorry. You can reach them at 415-292-4886. And the reservation is complete.
Thanks for all your help.
You're very welcome.
I have a plan to eat outside and I need you to find some nice places for me.
Do you have any preferred City to search for?
Search for one nice place in SFO.
Do you have any desired category of food like Mexican, Chinese or any other food that you like to eat?
I like to eat Seafood. Search the places where they have lot of variety of Sea foods.
What about a restaurant named Akiko's Sushi Bar in San Francisco. This is nice place I think, to eat Sea food.
Please check whether they will offer fancy price range.
Checked and found that the price is expensive there at that restaurant.
That is okay for me. I need one more help. please search for a movie to watch around that place.
Got 10 results that suit to your interest. What about your opinion on following movies Ash Is Purest White, Body Double and Captain Marvel?
Search for something else.
Found the 3 as Citizen Kane, Dogman and Dumbo, what is your favorite movie in this list?
No, something else please.
Please select among the movies Family, Gloria Bell and Hellboy.
Yes, finally found a suitable movie for me. Please go with the movie Family.
Shall I book the tickets to this movie now?
No, not now. please try to book a table at the restaurant that you have found for me before.
At what time, you want to make the reservation?
I need it at 1 pm.
Please confirm to book a table for 2 at Akiko's Sushi Bar in San Francisco on March 1st at 1 pm.
That is okay to proceed.
I have successfully confirmed your reservation.
Thanks and that's all for now.
Have a great day.
I desire excellent repast in Antioch California. I crave Cantonese please.
Well, there are 3 choices. Try the Antioch Double Dragon.
Fine, I want a movie near there at Amc Deer Valley.
Would you like Breakthrough, Captain Marvel, or even Dumbo?
Nope, Nope, and heck no.
You might just like Green Book, Hellboy, or Missing Link.
Hellboy seems like just the thing to float my boat. It's for only me (If you can believe that). so 1 person March 4th. Get me a table at that restaurant now.
What time of day do you want to go?
Try for half past 11 in the morning.
Sure, I have: 1 for Double Dragon in Antioch. You'll go at 11:30 am on March 4th.
That's great. Thanks for your kind and patient assistance.
You are set for a reservation for 1.
Great, that'll be perfect.
Will you require additional assistance now?
None for me, I'm set.
Good day to you .
I'm not very familiar with this area and would like to find a place to eat.
I can help you find something, any particular food you are looking for?
I could really go for a burger right now.
What is the name of the city you would like me to find a restaurant in?
I believe the name of this city is Oakland.
There is 1 Mcdonald's in Oakland.
Great, you can't go wrong there.
Would you like me to call ahead for and reserve a table?
Not right now.
Is there anything else I can help you find?
What about a movie at an imax theater there?
Currently the 2 movies Red Joan and Gloria Bell are playing.
I like the sound of Red Joan.
Did you want me to order tickets for you ahead of time?
No, maybe a little later, but I would like help booking a table at that restaurant on the 7th.
Okay, what time would you like the reservation to be.
First thing at 11:45 in the morning please.
Before I proceed can you just verify the details for me? You would like a reservation for 2 people at the Mcdonald's in Oakland, on March 7th, at 11:45 am.
Yes, so far, so good. Do you know if they have liquor?
They do serve alcohol but I was not able to make a reservation at Mcdonald's for 2 at the requested day and time. Would you like me to try and make the reservation a little later on March 7th at 12 pm?
Yes, let's try that.
I have successfully made that reservation for you.
Thanks for your help.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that was all I needed.
Okay, enjoy the rest of your day!
Find me a restaurant to visit.
Do you prefer Italian, Indian, or some other type of food and what city shall I look in?
I want a To-go place in San Jose.
Search revealed 4 places. 4th St Pizza Co is in San Jose.
What else do you have? I want an afforadable place that has alcohol.
Mimi's Cafe meets your requirements and is in San Jose.
What else do you have? I could go for some Tex-Mex type of food.
Chili's Grill & Bar is in San Jose.
Do they have live entertainment and what is their location?
They are located at 2185 Eastridge Loop and they do not have live entertainment.
That is perfect.
Shall I book a table or you?
No, not right now.
Do you need something more?
Find me an imax movie to watch nearby.
After, Captain Marvel, and Dumbo are all available.
Dumbo works for me.
Shall I buy you tickets to see it?
No, not right now. Book me a table at the restaurant that I liked.
What time do you want to eat?
I want to eat at 17:15.
You want a table for 2 at Chili's Grill & Bar in San Jose for 5:15 pm on March 1st. Is that right?
No, there is only one person.
You want a table for 1 at Chili's Grill & Bar. Is that right?
That is right.
I cannot get you a table for that time. Would you like a table for 1 at Chili's Grill & Bar at 5:30 pm on March 1st?
That is good too.
Your table is booked.
What is their phone number?
You can get in contact with them at 408-532-6727.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need something more?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
Will you find a restaurant?
Which city? What kind of food? Chinese, American or something else?
Latin American in Napa.
I found 2. Don Perico Mexican Restaurant in Napa.
Great. Will you find a movie around there?
I found 4. After, Captain Marvel or Hellboy?
Hellboy. Will you reserve a table for two at a restaurant at 1:30 pm?
Please confirm a table for 2 at Don Perico Mexican Restaurant in Napa at 1:30 pm on March 1st.
Fine. Is it low priced?
Moderate. Reservation is complete.
Live music? Address?
1106 1st Street. No live music.
Thanks.
Anything else?
No, that's all.
Have a great day.
Can you help me find a sushi restaurant to eat at?
What city would you like to eat in?
I'd like something in SF.
I found 10 restaurants you might like. How about Atami Sushi Bar & Grill in San Francisco?
Could you suggest me something that's a little more affordable?
Sure, I found 9 restaurants that meet that criteria. How about Juban Yakiniku House Japanese in San Francisco?
What's the phone number for that restaurant?
You can call them at 415-776-5822.
Could you perhaps suggest something a little more pricey?
Sure, Robin is a slightly more pricey restaurant in San Francisco.
What's the phone number there?
You can reach them at 415-548-2429.
Okay, that sounds better. Can you find me a movie to go to around there?
I found 10 movies in that area. Are you interested in Ash Is Purest White, Body Double, or Captain Marvel?
Captain Marvel sounds great. Could you make a reservation at that restaurant for 2 people?
What time do you want to make the reservation for?
I'd like it to be at 7:30 in the evening for one person.
So you would like a reservation for 1 person at Robin in San Francisco for 7:30 pm on March 1st. Is that right?
I'd like to make it this saturday at evening 7 instead.
Okay, so you would like to make a reservation on March 2nd at 7 pm, correct?
Yes that's good. Is there any live music there? Is there alcohol served?
Your reservation is confirmed. They do no have live music nor do the serve alcohol.
Alright, that's all I need for now thank you.
Okay, have a great day.
Help me find a place to eat.
Sure, what city and what type of food?
I want a diner in San Fran.
I found 10 in San Francisco you may like. What about 1760?
Is it expensive? Do they serve alcohol there?
It's expensive and they do not serve alcohol.
Maybe try something else.
There's 25 Lusk in San Francisco.
Yes, that works. Are there movies playing nearby?
Yes, I found 10 you might like. How about Ash is Purest White, Body Double, or Captain Marvel?
None of those, what else?
There's also Citizen Kane, Dogman, or Dumbo.
I like Dumbo. Could you book a table for 2 at that restaurant we discussed for March 3rd at a quarter to 7 in the evening?
Sure, first confirm you'd like to book a table for 2 at 25 Lusk in San Francisco on March 3rd at 6:45 pm.
Yes, that's fine.
I've successfully made your reservation.
What's the address and is it affordable?
It's expensive. They're at 25 Lusk Street.
Thanks, that's all for now.
Have a great day.
I want a place where I can eat.
What kind of food?
Some Oriental food.
Which city?
In Santa Rosa.
I got 3 and one is Best of Burma at Santa Rosa.
Any other option?
What about China Star in Santa Rosa?
Is there a live music there and what is the address?
Yes they have live music and their address is 2101 West College Avenue.
Any other else?
How about Khoom Lanna in Santa Rosa?
Good. Please me find a movie to watch there.
I got 10, how about After. DUmbo or Hellboy?
Any other option?
I got High Life, How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World or Little?
Please find some other.
I got Pet Sematary, The Curse of La Llorona or The Upside?
I like The Upside, please book me a table for the restaurant at five pm.
Okay, you want to reserve a table for 2 at Khoom Lanna in Santa Rosa on March 1st at 5 pm. Please confirm.
That's perfect.
Reservation done.
Thank you.
Do you still need any other help?
No, thanks.
You are welcome.
I need to look for eating place
Which city are you preferring?
I need it in Oakland
What is your choice of food?
I prefer some Vietnamese kind of food
There is a nice restaurant called Binh Minh Quan in Oakland
Can i know their address and do they provide live music?
Their location is 338 12th Street and they do not provide live music
Can you search for other restaurants
There is a nice restaurant called Holy Basil Pho in Oakland
I am looking for restaurant in San Jose, would you look for some other restaurant?
I searched 5 restaurants. There is a nice restaurant called Bowl & Plate At White Shallot in San Jose
Okay. this is perfect for me. I like to see a movie around there in a 3d show. I love documentary movies and like to watch at CineLux Almaden.
I searched 1 movie for you. What about Breakthrough?
Breakthrough is a good one. Can you try booking table at the restaurant i liked?
At what time is the booking for?
Do it at quarter past 11 in the morning.
Please give confirmation details: Table booking at Bowl & Plate At White Shallot which in San Jose and the reservation time is 11:15 am for 2 people on march 1st.
No, do it at 10:45 am.
Please give confirmation details: Table booking at Bowl & Plate At White Shallot and the reservation time is 10:45 am.
Yes this is okay for me. Is there a live music and what about address?
Your booking is done. The street address is 3143 Stevens Creek Boulevard and live music is not there.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need any other help?
No, thanks for your help.
Have a great day.
Find a restaurant with live music.
Cuisine? Mexican, Chinese, etc.
California food.
Which city?
Livermore.
The Restaurant | Wente Vineyards is in Livermore.
What else? Find barbecue, any price.
I found 1: McDonald's is in Livermore.
What's the number? Do they serve alcohol?
No, they don't. Number is 925-961-9090.
Great. Find an imax adventure movie at Livermore Cinema.
I found 2: Captain Marvel and Shazam!
Shazam is good. Book a table at that restaurant for four at 11 o"clock in the morning.
please confirm: table for 4 at McDonald's in Livermore at 11 am on March 1st.
Yes.
Your table is reserved.
Thanks, that's all.
Have a nice day.
I am looking for food.
What kind of food like Chinese or Indian and what city?
I want Mexican food in San Francisco.
In San Francisco, I have Arguello.
I accept that and want to watch a regular Fight movie at Vogue Theatre.
I have Ash Is Purest White.
Ash is Purest White is good and book the restaurant.
What time would you like?
Reserve it for 13:15.
Confirm 1:15 pm on March 1st for 2 at the Arguello in San Francisco.
Change to half past 10 in the morning for this Saturday.
Confirm to 10:30 am on March 2nd.
Yes I confirm all.
Sorry, no availabiity is found. Is there anything else?
No that is all today.
Have a nice day.
I am searching for a place to eat.
In which city are you looking for?
I prefer Middle eastern type of food at San Francisco.
I searched and found 10 restaurants. Barcha is a great restaurant at San francisco.
Can you please give details of some other restaurants?
Boulibar is a great restaurant at San francisco.
Whether they have live music with liquor?
No. They don't have live music and they serve alcohol.
Yes. it is good for me.
Shall I book a table here?
Booking can be done later. I am looking to watch a movie there. I wish to see a imax show at AMC Metreon. I love Fantasy movies.
What is your opinion about Dumbo?
Dumbo is nice.
Shall I get tickets for you?
No. I am not interested in purchasing a ticket now.
Do you need any other help?
Can you help me in reserving a table at the restaurant in which I like?
What is your preferred time of reservation?
Reserve it at evening 5.
Kindly ensure that, on March 1st, the reservation is done for 2 persons at Boulibar, San Francisco. The reservation time is 5 pm.
It is good for me.
Your booking is done.
Whether the price is lavish?
It is expensive price range.
What is their contact number and contact address?
The contact address is One Ferry Building #35. Their contact number is 415-399-1155
Thank you so much.
Do you need any other help?
Nope. Thank you so much for your help.
Have a fantastic day.
I want to eat somewhere that serves alcohol.
What sort of food are you into? You could say something like Mexican, Indian or something else. What city should I look in?
I want to look in San Jose. Southern food would be great.
I have 10 restaurants. 71 Saint Peter is a good one in San Jose.
Do you have any other ideas?
Bazille is a good San Jose restaurant.
Okay, that's fine. I am looking for a movie to watch in this area.
I have 10 movies available. What about A Madea Family Funeral, After or Breakthrough?
Breakthrough is wonderful.
Are you going to buy tickets?
No, I do not want to make a purchase. Would you please book a table at the restaurant I liked?
What time is the reservation for?
Make it for 4:45 pm for 2 on the 3rd.
Okay, I am booking a table at Bazille in San Jose for 4:45 pm. This reservation is for 2 on March 3rd.
Yes, that sounds good.
Your reservation was a success.
Could you tell me their contact number? Is live music available?
There is no live music. The phone number is 408-261-5787.
Thank you so much.
Do you need help with other things?
No, that is all.
Enjoy the day.
Do you have any hotel in your list having average priced food items ?
What cuisine are you fond of, Chinese, Indian or else?
I would be pleased with Pizza kind food.
Do you have any preference in location>
Yes, It would be in Menlo Park.
There are 5 restaurants. You can have nice food from Angelo Mio in Menlo Park.
I am fond of music and liquor, will they provide it?
Both music and liquor service are not available there.
Any other restaurant available there?
Then you can visit Piccolo Ristorante Italiano in Menlo Park
No other choice is there?
Yes, you can either choose Ristorante Carpaccio in Menlo Park.
That would be the right one. Is there any place where I can enjoy Drama movies?
1 movie is there, Red Joan. Is that ok?
Yes Red Joan is perfect one.
Shall I look for your tickets?
No, not now.
Any other help you need?
Can you book 1 table for 3 people on 9th of March in the selected restaurant?
When do you want reservation?
Ensure the seats at 17:15 for one person.
Please confirm, You asked for 1 seat at Ristorante Carpaccio in Menlo Park at 5:15 pm on March 9th.
Yes that would be fine.
Congrats! you got reservation.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need any other help?
No, that's all I need, Thank you.
Wish you good luck, always keep in touch.
I am looking for a costly place to eat in San Fran.
What kind of cuisine are you interested in?
I would really like some southern food.
There is a nice restaurant in San Francisco called 1760
That sounds awesome
You would like a table there?
Not right now. I want to see a movie when I get there.
There are 10 movies that might interest you. I recommend Ash is purest white, body double or captain marvel.
Is there anything else to see?
Would you prefer citizen kane, dogman or dumbo?
I would rather see dogman. Book me a table for three at the restaurant for 12:45 on the 8th of this month.
You would like a table for 3 at 1760 in San Francisco on March 8th at 12:45 pm?
That would be fine. Can I expect to hear live music?
No, there is none. You would not be able to get a reservation for that time. You would like a table for 3 at 1760 in San Francisco on March 8th at 1 pm?
That could work also.
I have made the reservation.
I appreciate that.
Is there anything else?
No, that would be all. Thanks.
Enjoy your day.
Hey, can you find me a place to eat nearby?
Sure, what city are you looking in? What kind of food?
I'd like some California food in Berkeley.
Okay, how about Chez Panisse in Berkeley?
Is there anything else?
You could try Gather, also in Berkeley.
How much do they cost?
They have a moderate price range.
Sounds great, thanks.
No worries, would you like a table?
Nah, maybe later.
Okay, is there anything else?
I'd like to watch a 3D thriller movie at the California Theatre, could you help me out?
No worries, how about Hotel Mumbai?
Hotel Mumbai is perfect, thanks.
Would you like tickets?
No, not right now. Could you book a table at that restaurant for 11:30?
Sure, please confirm that you'd like a table for 2 at Gather in Berkeley for 11:30 am on March 1st.
Yes, that's perfect. Do they have a live band?
No, they don't have a band. Your table is booked.
Thanks, how can I contact them? Where is it?
It's at 2200 Oxford Street. You can call them on 510-809-0400.
Thanks so much, that'll be all.
Okay great, see you.
I need a good restaurant in Menlo Park.
Which kind of food do you want, for example American, Italian or anything else?
I need some Dumplings.
I have found 1 restaurant. Yum Cha Palace matches your selection and is located in Menlo Park.
What is the address?
The street address for the restaurant is 1039 El Camino Real.
Yeah, that works then.
Is there anything else that I may help you with?
I need to find a movie around there at Guild Theatre. I need a 3d show and I like Drama movies.
There is 1 movie which matches your selection. How about the movie Red Joan?
Red Joan is perfect. I need to book a table at the restaurant that I liked. I need it at 13:00, for 1 person and I need it on the 9th of March.
Please confirm the following information: Book a table at Yum Cha Palace in Menlo Park. The reservation is at 1 PM and is for 1 person on March 9th.
Yes, that sounds good. Is the price economical?
Your reservation is now confirmed and the price range is moderate.
Thank you for that?
Of course. Have a wonderful day.
I'm so hungry. Can you help me find somewhere to eat?
Sure. In which city? What kind of food do you like?
I'm in Alameda. I want pizza that's average priced please,
I found 3 restaurants. C'era Una Volta is a great one in Alameda.
What's their address? Do they serve alcohol?
They don't. Their address is 1332 Park Street D.
That works for me. Help me find a movie to watch around there.
I found 6. Would Captain Marvel, Dumbo or Hellboy be of your fancy?
Not really. Can you find some other? I want something in 3D.
I found 2 others. Would you enjoy Missing Link or Shazam!?
Shazam! is just perfect. Can you help me book a table at that restaurant I liked?
Sure. For what time?
At morning 11:15 please.
So a table for 2 at C'era Una Volta in Alameda on March 1st at 11:15 am?
Yes, that works.
Your reservation was successful.
What's their phone number?
510-769-4828.
Do they have alive music?
Sorry, they don't.
Thanks a lot.
Can I assist you in anything else?
No, thank you.
Have an amazing day.
I'd like to find a place to eat.
In what city should I look in?
I'd like to find something in San Fran.
What type of food were you trying to find?
Some Pizza and Pasta type of food sounds perfect.
I found 10 restaurants for you. One nice restaurant is 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in San Francisco.
What is their phone number?
Their number is 415-543-5100.
Yes, that sounds good. I'd also like to watch a movie near there. I'd like to watch it at United Artists Stonestown Twin. I would like to watch an imax show and I like War movies.
What did you think about the Aftermath?
Aftermath sounds perfect.
Did you want to buy tickets?
No, I did not want to buy right now.
Did you need help with anything else?
Could you try making a reservation at that restaurant I liked?
What time did you want it for?
I'd like it on the 1st of March at eleven in the morning.
Please confirm you're booking a table for 2 at 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in San Francisco on March 1st at 11 am.
Yes, that is correct.
Your reservation has been confirmed.
Great, thank you.
Did you need help with anything else?
No, but thanks again.
Have a nice day.
I'd like to find a place to eat.
In which city? What kind of food would you like?
I'd like Sichuan in San Jose.
Chef Li in San Jose is nice.
What's their address?
2033 Camden Avenue # F3.
Can you check on another? I'm looking for something that is intermediate priced.
I found 9 possibilities. China Delight in San Jose is suppose to be nice.
Do they serve alcohol?
They do not.
Okay that sounds good.
Would you like a reservation?
Not just now.
Is there anything else you need?
I'd like to find a movie nearby.
I found 10 nearby movies. What about A Madea Family Funeral, After or Breakthrough?
What are some others? I'd like a 3d movie.
There's How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World, Little or Missing Link.
How to Train Your Dragon would be great.
Shall I order tickets?
No, not just yet.
Is there anything else you need?
Let's go ahead and make a reservation at the restaurant.
For what time?
Evening 7:30 would be good.
Please verify: You'd like a reservation for 2 at China Delight in San Jose at 7:30 pm on March 1st.
Correct. Do they have live music?
Sorry I couldn't make the reservation. Is there anything else you need?
Try it again for 5:30 in the evening.
To verify: You would like a reservation for 2 at China Delight in San Jose at 5:30 pm on March 1st.
That is right.
You're reservation is confirmed.
Thank you. That's all I need for now.
Have a great day.
I'm planning on going out to eat with a friend later. Can you find me any restaurants in Pleasant Hill that serve Pizza and Pasta food?
Sure, how about eating at Dallimonti's Italian Restaurant in Pleasant Hill?
Okay, what kind of price range budget do they have and what's their address?
They're located at 1932 Oak Park Boulevard and their prices are pretty moderate.
Sounds good to me.
How about booking a table here?
Maybe later.
Anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, I'd like to catch a movie around that area. Can you find me any Horror movies playing? The type of show doesn't matter to me.
You should check out The Curse of La Llorona.
Okay, The Curse of La Llorona sounds good. Can you make me a reservation for that restaurant I liked earlier?
Sure, what time should I make it for?
10:45 am works for me.
Please confirm that you'd like to book a table for 2 at Dallimonti's Italian Restaurant in Pleasant Hill for March 1st at 10:45 am.
Yup, that's right.
Sorry, but I wasn't able to make the reservation for you. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks, that's all I needed.
Okay, have a nice day!
I need food recommendations please.
I would love to help you with this. What are you in the mood for? Do you know which city you would prefer?
I'm totally in the mood for Burrito or Mexican type of food in Antioch.
I found 2 places that may interest you. Starting with Celia's Mexican Restaurant located in Antioch.
Find out if the price range is expensive or not.
This eatery is priced at moderate.
Find out the phone number and if there is going to be live music.
Great news, live music is available and the telephone number is 925-754-1355.
Yeah, that will do.
Should we reserve tables now?
Not now. I would like to watch a movie in that area.
Alright, I show 7 movies playing. Breakthrough, Captain Marvel or Dumbo, just to name a few.
Dumbo will work.
Awesome, should I purchase tickets now?
No, don't. could you please book a table at the restaurant we talked about? I need a table for 2 at 11:45 on Saturday this week if possible.
Alright, no problem. Please confirm you would like to book a table for 2 on March 2nd at Celia's Mexican Restaurant in Antioch at 11:45 am. Is this correct?
Find out if they serve liquor and what's the address. Please book this table.
Alright, table is confirmed at 523 West 10th Street. Unfortunately, they do not serve alcohol.
Alright, thanks.
Can I assist you further?
Nope, that will be all.
Ok, Have a wonderful day.
Can you find me a nice place to eat?
Which is your preferred city?
Find me something not very costly restaurant in Los Gatos.
What is your preferred category like American, Indian or anything else?
I prefer some Latin American kind of food.
There are 2 nice restaurants suitable to your choice. One is called Pedro's located in Los Gatos.
Can you check whether they serve liquor?
No, The restaurant does not serve liquor.
Okay. That sounds great to me.
Do you want me to reserve a table here?
Not now. Maybe some other time.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you find any type of shows of an adventure movies?
What do you think of Shazam!?
Can you look for any other movies?
Unfortunately I could not find any movies matching your requirements. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you look again for imax shows of Drama movies at Los Gatos Theatre?
There is 1 movie called The Mustang?
Okay. The Mustang sounds perfect to me.
Do you want me to buy tickets for you?
No. Don't buy tickets now. Can you go back to reserving a table for four people on 2nd of March at the restaurant I liked?
What will be timing for the reservation?
Timing for reservation will be 13:30.
Please confirm: You want me to reserve a table for 4 people on March 2nd at Pedro's located in Los Gatos at 1:30 pm.
No. Please change the timing to morning 11:15 and make the reservation for 1 people.
Please confirm again: You want me to reserve the table for 1 people at 11:15 am.
Yes, That is correct.
I have successfully reserved the table.
Can you get me their address?
The address of the restaurant is 316 North Santa Cruz Avenue.
That will be all. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day!
I need to find a restaurant.
What city do you want?
The city is San Fran.
What is your food preference?
I want fast food.
I found 4. In San Francisco, I have Elmira Rosticceria.
How are prices and what is address?
They are moderate and it is at 154 McAllister Street.
What others do you have?
I have Mcdonalds in San Francisco.
I would like to go there.
Do you want a table?
Not now, I need a movie nearby too.
I found 10. How about Ash Is Purest White, Body Double or Captain Marvel?
I want to see Ash is Purest White and I want to book Mcdonalds for 2.
What time do you want?
Book it for 18:15.
Confirm Mcdonalds in San Francisco for March 1st at 6:15 pm for 2.
Yes I confirm all.
I could not book but have Confirm Mcdonalds in San Francisco for March 1st at 6 pm for 2.
I accept that time.
You are now confirmed.
What is the address?
The address is 441 Sutter Street.
Thanks for your help.
Is there anything else?
No that is all I need.
Have a great day.
can you find me a place with some curry?
where should i look.
anywhere in fremont please.
i found a palce called paradise biryani pointe in fremont.
that'll work. can you find me a movie around here.
there's 6 movies. how do hotel mumbai, how to train your dragon: the hidden world, and little sound?
are there any others?
there's also pet sematary, shazam!, and the best of enemies.
the best of enemies sounds good.
do you want to book tickets.
no, not now. can we book a table at the place i mentioned earlier?
what time is the reservation for?
at half past 11 in the morning sounds good.
you want me to book a table for 2 at the paradise biryani pointe in fremont at 11:30 am on march 1st?
yes, that's good. what's their number?
their number is 510-598-4940. i couldn't get the table, sorry about that. do you want me to try a table for 2 at paradise biryani pointe on march 1st at 11 am?
no thanks.
is there anything else?
no that's it, thanks.
have a good day
I'm trying to find a place to eat.
What type of food were you trying to find? You can say Italian, Indian, or anything else?
Some Coffee & light bites kind of food sounds perfect.
In what city should I look in?
I'd like to find it in San Fran.
I found a nice restaurant called Acquolina in San Francisco.
Did you have another suggestion?
I also found a nice restaurant called Broadway Dim Sum in San Francisco.
Yes, that sounds good. I'd also like to watch a movie near there. I'd like to watch an imax show.
What do you think about Ash is Purest White, Dumbo, or Gloria Bell?
Can you help me find some other movies? I'd like to see it at Embarcadero Center Cinema.
I found 1 movie. The movie is Knock Down The House.
Knock Down The House sounds perfect.
Did you want to buy tickets?
No, I did not want to buy tickets now.
Did you need help with anything else?
Can you help me reserve a table at that restaurant I liked?
What time did you want to book it for?
I'd like to book it for seven in the evening.
Please confirm you're booking a table for 2 at Broadway Dim Sum in San Francisco on March 1st at 7 pm.
Yes, that is correct.
Your reservation has been made.
Thank you.
Did you need help with anything else?
No, but thanks again.
Have a nice day.
I want to eat out a moderate priced restaurant in SF that sells fish. I am in the mood for that.
There are 10 suitable restaurants. The Alamo Square seafood grill is a wonderful restaurant in San Francisco.
May I have a contact number? Is alcohol served there?
No, they do not serve liquor. The number is 415-440-2828
That would be great.
Is there anything else you need help with?
Is there any movies showing around there?
There is Ash is purest white, body double and captain marvel. Which one would you like to see?
Is there anything else?
There is Citizen Kane, Dogman and dumbo.
Dumbo is an excellent choice.
You would like to get tickets?
Not right now. I want to book the table at the restaurant.
For what time?
I want a reservation for 18:00.
You would like a table for 2 at Alamo Square seafood grill in San francisco at 6 pm on March 1st?
That would be great. Is there live music? Where is this place at?
My apologies, but the reservation was unsuccessful. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, but thanks anyway.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Pull up budget friendly priced eateries that serve alcohol.
No problem, for which city?
Search Mountain View.
What kind of food would you like?
Oriental is my top pick.
May I suggest Happi House Famous Teriyaki in Mountain View.
That will do fine. Pull up Adventure movies playing at ShowPlace ICON.
I can suggest 1 movie, Captain Marvel!
Captain Marvel is perfect! Let's try and book a table at the restaurant I wanted please.
What time should I book your table for?
Let's do 1 o"clock in the afternoon if possible.
Sure, please confirm you would like to book for March 1st at 1 pm, at Happi House Famous Teriyaki in Mountain View for 2. Is this correct?
yes, you got it!
Great, your reservation is complete!
Thanks, I appreciate it.
No problem! Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that was it.
Alright, enjoy your day!
I need a restaurant.
Are you looking for Chinese, Mexican or something else?
Oriental sounds appetizing.
In which city?
Can you check San Leandro?
Creasian is in San Leandro.
Okay. Sounds Yummy! Is there a movie for me to watch near there?
Would Dumbo, Breakthrough of After interest you?
Can you find me some suspense movies?
There is 1 movie called Pet Sematary.
Pet Sematary sounds great.
Should I book tickets?
Not right now but please book a table for one at the restaurant I like for Sunday this week at 7:45 pm.
Please confirm you want me to book a table for 1 at Creasian on March 3rd at 7:45 pm in San Leandro.
Actually, can you make it for two at 17:15?
Please confirm you want me to book a table for 2 at 5:15 pm.
Yes. Can you give me their address?
They're located at 1269 MacArthur Boulevard. Your reservation was a success.
Thanks. That will be it for today.
Okay. You're welcome. Goodbye.
Pull up some good eatery choices please.
I would be happy to. What kind of food are you interested in? Which city would you prefer we search?
Pull up some joints that have Burgers in Santa Rosa.
Ok, I have located 1 restaurant. I would like to recommend Cattlemens in Santa Rosa.
Ok, that will work. Let's also pull up some 3d shows playing in the area.
May I recommend Dumbo, How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World or Little? Any of these sound good?
Actually, How to Train Your Dragon is perfect! Go ahead and book a table for two at that restaurant I wanted. Let's do 6 in the evening on March 2nd.
Sure thing, pleas confirm you would like to book a table for 2 at Cattlemens at 6 pm on March 2nd in Santa Rosa.
Great, Find out if they have live music there. I will also need a phone number for them.
I apologize, I was unable to make a reservation for you. Can I help with anything else?
No, that will be all.
Alright, have a good night.
I need to find a restaurant please.
Are you looking for American, Italian or some other kind of specific food?
I am thinking Indian food sounds good!
Do you know which city you would like to dine in?
Please search Albany for restaurants.
I found 2 nice restaurants. One is called Aangan and it is located in Albany.
Could you suggest an Oriental restaurant? That sounds good too!
Yes, I found 2, one of which is Sabuy Sabuy Ii, It is located in Albany.
I would like to know their address and if they serve liquor please.
They are located at 1233 San Pablo Avenue and unfortunately they do not serve alcohol.
Ok, that will work for me.
Do you want to reserve a table?
I might do that later, I would like to see a movie there too.
I found 1 movie you might like called Red Joan.
Red Joan is a good movie I heard! I will see that one!
Do you want to buy tickets now?
No, not at this time but could you please book a table at that restaurant I liked?
What time would you like the reservation for?
I would like it for 11:15 in the morning please.
Please confirm that you would like to book at table at Sabuy Sabuy Ii in Albany on March 1st at 11:15 am for 2 people.
Yes, that will work, can you give me their contact number and tell me if they have live music there?
I just made your reservation. They don't have live music but their phone number is 510-528-3932.
Ok, thank you for all your help!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that will be all thank you!
Have a wonderful day!
Can you find me somewhere nearby to eat?
What type of food would you like to eat?
I think Japanese food sounds good.
Okay, where should I look?
I want to go somewhere in San Jose.
I found 10 restaurants you might like. Bluefin is a good restaurant in San Jose.
Okay, that one works fine.
Should I reserve a table for you?
No, maybe later. I would also like to find a 3d movie to see in that area.
I found 7 movies that match your request. What do you think about Breakthrough, How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World, or Little?
No, I'd like something else. I'd like to watch something at CineLux Almaden.
Alright, what do you think about Shazam! or The Curse of La Llorona?
Shazam sounds good. Could you try to make a reservation at that restaurant now for 7 in the evening?
Sure. So you would like a reservation for 2 people at Bluefin n San Jose at 7 pm on March 1st, is that correct?
Yeah that's good. Do they serve alcohol there?
Your reservation has been made. There is no alcohol served at the restaurant.
Alright, thanks. That's everything for now.
Okay, have a nice day.
I'm looking for a good restaurant. Can you help me find one?
What cuisine would you prefer?
I think I'll go with Japanese cuisine today.
In which city are you planning to dine?
I'm in Vacaville.
I found 2 Japanese restaurants in your locality. Hisui | Japanese Restaurant in Vacaville is a very nice restaurant.
Thank you for that suggestion. I'd also like to watch a 3d movie somewhere nearby. Are there any?
Would you like to watch Dumbo?
Dumbo is a great choice. Can you book a table for three at the Japanese restaurant, at 12:00 noon, on March 6th?
Please confirm that you want to book a table for 3 at Hisui | Japanese Restaurant in Vacaville at 12 pm on March 6th.
Perfect!
Your table has been reserved successfully.
Thanks a bunch! That's all I need for now.
Have a great day!
I need to find a place to eat in any price range.
What kind of food, perhaps Italian or Indian? In which city?
Brunch in SFO sounds good.
I found 10 places, how about 1300 On Fillmore in San Francisco?
What else do you suggest?
Absinthe Brasserie & Bar in San Francisco is nice.
What is their address?
They are located at 398 Hayes Street.
Do they have live music or liquor?
They serve alcohol but do not have live music.
That works for me, I also want to watch a movie at AMC Metreon.
I found 6. Do you want to see Dumbo, Long Shot, or Missing Link?
Missing Link soounds good.
Would you like to purchase tickets?
Not at this time but could you try booking a table for the 2nd of March at the restaurant I liked?
What time would you like your resevation?
In the afternoon 12:30.
You want a table for 2 at Absinthe Brasserie & Bar in San Francisco on March 2nd at 12:30 pm, is that correct?
No, I need one for two people.
You want a reservation for 2 at 12:30 pm, correct?
Yes, what is the phone number please?
Your table is reserved. Their number is 415-551-1590.
Thank you for your help.
Can I do anything more for you?
No not right now thanks.
Have a great day.
I am looking for some Sushi restaurants.
What city should I search in?
Brentwood.
Shirasoni is nice in Brentwood.
I actually want it in Milpitas.
My No.1 Sushi & Tofu is located in Milpitas.
Is there live music?
Sorry, they do not have live music.
That will work. I also want to watch a movie in that area.
I found 3 movies. Do any of these interest you : Hellboy, Little or The Curse of La Llorona?
The Curse of La Llorona sounds great. Can you also book a table at the restaurant I liked?
What time do you want to make the reservation?
11:30 in the morning for 4 people.
Please confirm the following reservation: One table for 4 at My No.1 Sushi & Tofu in Milpitas on March 1st at 11:30 am.
Actually make it at 7:30 in the evening for 2 people.
Please confirm the following reservation: One table for 2 at My No.1 Sushi & Tofu in Milpitas on March 1st at 7:30 pm.
No, make it on the 2nd of March.
Please confirm the following reservation: One table for 2 at My No.1 Sushi & Tofu in Milpitas on March 2nd at 7:30 pm.
Yes that will work.
Your reservation is complete.
Thanks!
Anything else I can assist you with?
No thank you.
Have a great day!
I am starving and I need a nice place to eat.
What city will you be in and what cuisine should I find? How about Indian, American or any other food?
I am a California cuisine person. Find me something in San Fran.
There are 10 restaurants. How would you like Al's Place in San Francisco?
Give me their phone and address.
It is on the 1499 Valencia Street and their contact number will be 415-416-6136.
Find me some other restaurant offering Greek food.
How do you like Ayola, a good restaurant in San Francisco?
Can you think of any other restaurant?
Would you be interested in Kokkari Estiatorio, a restaurant based in San Francisco?
That will do for me.
Shall I get you anything else?
I want to be watching some Funny movies while I am there.
I can recommend you 5 movies. Might you like Family, Gloria Bell or Josie and the Pussycats?
Actually Gloria Bell sounds like I would love it.
Shall I buy you the tickets?
Nope. Maybe later. Book me a table at the restaurant we discussed earlier.
What is the timing of reservation?
I want it at half past 11 in the morning.
So you want a table for 2 on March 1st at Kokkari Estiatorio. I should make the reservation for 11:30 am in San Francisco. Did I get that right?
Oh no! I want it for 3 people at 5 o"clock in the evening.
So you want to book for 3 people at 5 pm? Is that it?
Yes that is right. Will they be having live music?
I have made your reservation and no. you won't be hearing any live music.
Can you give me their address?
They are at 200 Jackson Street.
Thanks a lot!
Can I do anything else for you?
Nope. that will be all.
I wish a great day!
Please help me find somewhere good to eat in SF. I would love some Sichuan food.
I have 10 restaurants for you to consider. My top choice is Alice's. That's a good restaurant located in San Francisco.
That will be good. I also want to go see a movie there at Embarcadero Center Cinema. Are there any drama movies playing? I would especially like a 3d showing.
Red Joan is currently playing.
Red Joan will be great.
Do you want to buy tickets now?
No, not now. Would you book a table for me at the restaurant you mentioned?
What time would you like to eat?
Please make my reservation at 5:15 pm.
Okay, please confirm this request: You are reserving a table for 2 people at Alice's in San Francisco. The reservation will be on March 1st at 5:15 pm.
Yes, that's excellent. What's the phone number there? Do they serve liquor?
Sorry, they do not serve alcohol. Their phone number is 415-282-8999. I wasn't able to make that reservation at Alice's on March 1st. Would you like to try for a reservation for 2 at 5 pm instead?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks.
Have a good day!
I want to go out and eat somewhere.
Which city are you going out to?
I am thinking about eating in Vacaville.
Which cuisine style sounds best? Are you looking for something liek Mexican or American food?
I am thinking about having a burger right now, actually.
There is 1 restaurant in Vacaville that could work, and it's called Mcdonald's.
That sounds okay.
Would you like any other help?
I am also wanting to watch a fantasy movie.
I can think of 2 movies for you, Dumbo and Hellboy, would either of those work for you?
Hellboy sounds great for me.
Should I get the tickets ready for you?
I do not want to buy any tickets yet, but could you reserve a table at McDonald's for 2 people this Saturday at around half past 11 in the morning?
Sure, could you confirm that you want a reservation at Mcdonald's in Vacaville at 11:30 AM on March 2nd, for 2?
That sounds great, please do.
The reservation was set up for you.
Okay,t hat is everything I needed.
Goodbye for now!
I would like to find some Korean food to eat in San Bruno. Any price range is fine.
I have 2 restaurants that are suitable. Hiro is a nice San Bruno restaurant.
Could you tell me their address and contact number?
They are located at 449 San Mateo Avenue and the phone number is 650-588-5559.
Sounds wonderful.
Do you want me to help with something else?
Look for a movie to watch around there.
What do you think of Breakthrough, Captain Marvel, or Dumbo?
Breakthrough is great.
Should I get you tickets?
Not at the moment.
Could I help with something else?
What about booking at a table at the restaurant I liked? Make it for 12:45 on the 8th.
Could you confirm that you want a table at Hiro booked in San Bruno for 2 at 12:45 pm on March 8th?
That works for me. Is live music available?
I have made your reservation. There isn't live musi.
Thanks so much. That is all I needed for now.
Have a good one.
I am searching for a eating place
Do you have any preference in city to search?
I need it in SF
Do you have any choice on kind of food you are searching for like Mexican, American etc
Some California kind of food is fine with me
I have selected 10 restaurants for youa nd oneamong them is Al's Place is a nice hotel located in San Francisco
That is perfcet
You need to book a table there?
Not now, later
Is there any other help?
I need to watch a movie at Century San Francisco Centre
What is your opinion on Captain Marvel, Hellboy or Missing Link?
i want you to search for some other movies
What do you say on The Curse of La Llorona?
I like The Curse of La Llorona and you please book a table at half past 7 in the evening for 1 people on Thursday next week
Please give confirmation details: Booking a table at Al's Place at 7:30 pm on March 7th for 1 people at SAN frANCISCO
Fine. Do they provide live music?
Booking is done. They don't provide live music
Thank you very much
Have a nice day
I want to find a restaurant with some really good food, not very costly with a lot of frills, just good eats. Is there a place you recommend in San Fran?
Do you have a taste for any particular type of food?
I think Greek food would hit the spot.
Of the 2 restaurants showing up, the Novy Restaurant in San Francisco might be a good choice.
What about another place?
The Orexi Restaurant, also in San Francisco, seems to be popular.
How can I reach them?
You can call them at 415-664-6739.
Okay, I'll keep that in mind. So, moving on, let's pick out a movie that'll be playing near the restaurant, please.
We have 10 movies showing near there. Does Ash is Purest White, Body Double or Captain Marvel interest you?
Not exactly. What else are you working with?
Would you like to see Citizen Kane, Dogman or Dumbo?
Oh, I'm leaning toward Citizen Kane.
Do you want to get tickets to see the film?
Well, let's do that later and focus on getting a table at the restaurant now, please.
When do you want the table reserved?
The best time for me is 12:30 in the afternoon.
Got it. Do you want to confirm a table for 2 guests at the Orexi Restaurant in San Francisco on March 1st at 12:30 pm?
That's just what I want.
Your table reservation is confirmed.
What about live music at that restaurant, and where is it?
No live music is featured at the restaurant but you can find it at 243 West portal Avenue.
Very good. We're all set, thanks to you.
Do you need more assistance at this time?
I'm calling that a wrap, my friend. A million thanks.
Cheers for a very pleasant day.
I'm looking for an average priced restaurant.
Are you looking for Mexican, Indian or some other type of food?
I want some yummy Malaysian food.
In which city?
In Redwood City.
Erawan Thai Restaurant is in Redwood City.
Yes. Sound good.
Do you want me to book a table?
Not right now. I would like to find a romance movie.
After is 1 movie I have.
After sound good. Can you book me the restaurant?
For what time?
For 11:15 is great.
Please confirm you want me to book a table for 2 at the Erawan Thai Restaurant in Redwood City at 11:15 am on March 1st.
Yes. That is right.
The reservation was not a success. Would you like me to reserve a table for 2 at the Erawan Thai Restaurant on March 1st at 11 am?
No. that's okay.
Okay. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Can you find me a place to eat?
What type of food do you like? You can say Indian, Mexican, or something else. And in which city?
I'd like a buffet in SF.
In San Francisco, I found Fiery Hot Pot Buffet.
Yep, that sounds great.
Do you want me to reserve you a table.
Perhaps later. I want to see a movie nearby.
I found Ash Is Purest White, Body Double, and Captain Marvel. Do they interest you?
Find something else, please.
I found Citizen Kane, Dogman, and Dumbo. Do those work?
No, find something else. Maybe a drama film at United Artists Stonestown Twin?
What do you think about The Mustang?
The Mustang sounds great.
Do you need help with anything else?
Can you book me a table at the restaurant that I liked?
What time do you want the table?
I'd like it at 1 in the afternoon, please.
Please confirm: book a table for 2 at 1 pm at Fiery Hot Pot Buffet in San Francisco on March 1st.
Yes, that's great.
It's reserved for you.
Thank you so much!
Do you need help with anything else?
No thanks, that'll be it.
Have a great day!
Will you find moderate priced Moroccan restaurants in San Fran?
I found 3. How about El Mansour in San Francisco?
Live music? What's their number?
No live music. They can be reached at 415-751-2312.
Any Latin American?
I found 10. Arguello in San Francisco is terrific.
Great. Will you find a movie around there?
Ash Is Purest White, Body Double, or Captain Marvel?
Anything else?
I found 7. Citizen Kane, Dogman or Dumbo?
Try something else.
Family, Gloria Bell or Hellboy?
Gloria Bell. Will you reserve a table?
What time?
Quarter to 8 in the evening.
Please confirm table for 2 at Arguello in San Francisco at 7:45 pm on March 1st.
That's fine.
I wasn't able to make the reservation. Anything else?
No, thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
I want to find a nice restaurant.
In which city?
In Livermore please.
What kind of food do you want? You can say Sushi, Mexican, Chinese or another type of food.
I want Persian food.
I found 1 restaurant. Demitri's Taverna serves Persian food in Livermore.
Do you have their number? Do they have liquor?
They do not serve alcohol. Their number is 925-373-0306.
Yes, that works.
Do you want to reserve a table?
Now now.
Can I help you with something else?
I want to watch a movie nearby.
After, Breakthrough, and Captain Marvel are playing.
Please find more movies.
Also, you can see High Life, Missing Link, or Shazam!
Shazam is great. Also, can you book me a table at the restaurant I liked earlier.
What time do you want?
Make it for afternoon 1:15.
Please confirm the following reservation details: Booking a table for 2 at Demitri's Taverna in Livermore on March 1st at 1:15 pm.
Yes, that works out!
Your reservation has been confirmed!
What is the address?
It is 2235 First Street.
Thank you. I'm good.
Have a great day!
I'm trying to find a place to eat.
In what city did you want me to look in?
I'd like to find one in SF.
What type of cuisine were you looking for?
Coffeehouse food sounds perfect.
I found a nice restaurant called Acquolina in San Francisco for you.
Does the place serve alcohol and do they have live music?
The restaurant does not serve liquor and they do not have live music.
Could you help me find another restaurant?
I found a nice restaurant called Broadway Dim Sum in San Francisco for you.
Yes, that sounds good. I'd also like to watch a movie around there.
What do you think about Ash is Purest White, Body Double, or Captain Marvel?
Captain Marvel will be perfect.
Did you need help with anything else?
Can you also help me book a table at that restaurant I liked? Make a reservation for two on Saturday this week at afternoon 1:15.
Please confirm you're booking a table for 2 at Broadway Dim Sum in San Francisco on March 2nd at 1:15 pm.
No, could you make it at half past 12 in the afternoon instead?
Please confirm your reservation for March 2nd at 12:30 pm.
Yes, that is correct. What is the restaurant's number and address?
Your reservation has been confirmed. The restaurant is located at 684 Broadway and their number is 415-989-2038.
Thanks a lot.
Did you need help with anything else?
No, but thanks again.
Have a nice day.
How about some Punjabi food?
Where should I look.
Look in San Jose. Something fancy and expensive.
I see 1. Amber India in San Jose.
Do they have entertainment, like a sitar player? Give me their digits.
No live music. You can call them at 408-248-5400.
This place looks good.
Do you want a table.
Sure, but not now.
Ok. What else do you need?
A movie would be good.
There's A Madea Family Funeral playing. There is After. Or maybe Breakthrough?
A Madea Family Funeral.
Good choice. What else?
I need a a table for three at a quarter to 1 in the afternoon on March 1st.
Ok. Table for 3 at Amber India in San Jose. 12:45 pm on MArch 1st is that accurate?
Yes. Where are they at?
Sorry, I could not book anything for you. What else do you need.
Nothing. That will be it.
Ok. Speak later.
Find me a place to eat in Berkeley
Do you prefer any type of food like Italian, Indian or anything else?
Look for fish type of food
How about Akemi Japanese Restaurant in Berkeley?
That's perfect
Can I book a table?
No not now. Look for a movie around there.
What about Captain Marvel, Dumbo or Hellboy?
Dumbo is nice.
Do you want to book the tickets?
No not now. Now book a table in that table for 2 people
Which time do you prefer?
Book it at quarter past 6 in the evening
Please confirm this: Booking table at Akemi Japanese Restaurant in Berkeley at 6:15 pm. the reservation is for 2 people on March 1st
That's perfect. Get me the address. Does they have liquor?
Reservation successful. The address is 1695 Solano Avenue.Yes they serve liquor
Thank you so much
Do you need anything else?
No that's all for now thank you
Have a nice day
Can you find a restaurant for me?
Sure, in which city?
Please find me one in Berkeley?
Is there a specific cuisine you have in mind, maybe Mexican, Chinese or maybe something else?
A Contemporary restaurant would be great.
I recommend going to Rivoli Restaurant in Berkeley.
Perfect. Let's also find a movie to watch in the area.
Do you think you'd like Hellboy, Dumbo or maybe Captain Marvel?
No. Please find me something else.
Maybe The Curse of La Llorona, Little Woods or Hotel Mumbai.
Actually Curse of La Llorona is awesome.
Do you want me to get tickets for you?
No, not at the moment. Please try and book a table to the restaurant for twelve in the afternoon.
Can you please confirm that you want a table for 2 at Rivoli Restaurant in Berkeley on March 1st at 12 pm.
Yes, that's right.
I've booked your table.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thanks again.
Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to eat which serves some Freshwater fish in Union City?
There is a nice restaurant called Hong Kong Restaurant located in Union City.
Yes, That sounds good to me.
DO you want me to reserve a table there?
Not now. Can you find me some good movies around there?
What do you think of After, Breakthrough or Captain Marvel?
Can you look for some 3d shows at Century Union Landing?
There are 3 movies I found. What do you think of Hellboy, Missing link or Pet Sematary?
Missing link sounds perfect to me.
Do you want me to buy tickets for the movie?
No. Please don't buy tickets now.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you reserve a table for one people at the restaurant I liked at quarter to 6 in the evening?
Please confirm: You want me to reserve a table for 1 people at Hong Kong Restaurant located in Union City for March 1st at 5:45 pm.
Yes, That is correct. Can you check whether they serve liquor and do they have live music?
I have successfully made your reservation. They neither serve alcohol not do they have live music.
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day.
I want to find a place to eat.
What sort of food? Say something like Italian, Mexican or something else.
Pizza would be delicious.
What city do you want me to look in?
I would like it in SFO.
54 Mint Ristorante Italiano is a nice restaurant in San Francisco.
Do they have live music? What is their contact number?
There is no live music but their phone number is 415-543-5100.
Do you have suggestions for any other restaurants?
A16 is a good restaurant in San Francisco.
How about something else? I want something that is not very costly.
I have 8 restaurants that you may be interested in. Allegro ROmano is a nice San Francisco restaurant.
That sounds good. Find me a movie around there.
I have 10 movies. What about Ash is Purest White, Body Double or Captain Marvel?
Could you find me some other movies? I would like to watch at Vogue Theatre.
What do you think of Citizen Kane?
Find me other movies. I would like to see a regular show at Marina Theatre.
What about Hellboy?
Hellboy sounds perfect. Would you try booking a table at the restaurant I liked for two people?
What time should the reservation be for?
Make the reservation at half past 12 in the afternoon.
Okay, so you want to book a table at Allegro Romano in San Francisco. The reservation will be for 12:30 pm for 2 on March 1st.
That works for me.
Your reservation has been made.
Is liquor served there? Tell me their address.
The address is 1701 Jones Street and alcohol is not served.
Thak you so much. That is all for now.
Have a great day.
I'd like to find a place to eat. I'm looking for a place that serves alcohol
What city should I look in?
I'd like to find something in SF
What type of cuisine were you looking for? You can say Italian, Mexican, or anything else.
Some Japanese food sounds perfect.
I found 10 restaurants for you. One nice restaurant is 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco.
What is their address and phone number?
Their address is 601 Van Ness Avenue and their number is 415-292-9997.
Yes, that sounds good. I'd also like to watch a movie around there.
I found Ash is Purest White, Body Double, and Captain Marvel?
Ash is Purest White sounds perfect.
Did you want to buy tickets
No, I did not want to buy right now. Can you try reserving a table for 2 at the restaurant I liked?
What time did you want to book it?
I'd like to book it at 7 o"clock in the evening.
Please confirm you're booking a table for 2 at 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco on March 1st at 7 pm.
Yes, that sounds good.
Your reservation has been confirmed.
Thank you.
Did you need help with anything else?
No, but thanks again.
Have a nice day.
Will you find a restaurant in Alameda?
What kind of food?
Reasonably priced Middle eastern.
Found 1 restaurant, Asena in Alameda.
Address?
2508 Santa Clara Avenue.
That's fine. Will you find a movie around there?
I found 6 movies. Captain Marvel, Dumbo or Hellboy?
Captain Marvel. Will you book a restaurant there?
What time?
12:15 pm.
Please confirm table for 2 at Asena in Alameda at 12:15 pm on March 1st.
Great.
I've completed your reservation.
Thanks. That's all.
Have a great day.
I'm hungry. Can you find a restaurant for me?
Sure. What city are you in?
SFO. I feel like having Southern food.
I see 10 places in San Francisco you might like. How about 1760?
Does that place have any live music? Do you know their phone number?
No live music. The number is 415-359-1212.
Hmm. What other places are there? Does anywhere serve alcohol?
From the 10 San Francisco restaurants, 25 Lusk serves alcohol.
Perfect. I want to go see a drama movie when I'm drunk. What's playing in Opera Plaza?
1 drama movie is playing there: Dogman.
Dogman sounds good. We'll go see it. Can you get me a reservation for three at that restaurant? Preferably, for 10:30.
You want to reserve a table for 3 at 25 Lusk in San Francisco for 10:30 am today, on March 1st?
Yes, please.
Sorry, I can't do that. 25 Lusk isn't opened so early in the day. Do you need assistance with anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks a ton.
Enjoy your day.
I want to find a restaurant that is moderate in price.
What city do you want to look in?
Let's look in Sonoma.
Is there a cuisine you prefer, such as American, Italian, or anthing else?
California cuisine would be great, and it's okay if it's pricey.
There's 1 restaurant that matches. It's a nice spot called Carneros Bistro in Sonoma.
Is there liquor there, and what's their phone number?
They do have alcohol and you can call them at 707-931-3405.
Okay, that sounds good.
Do you want to book a table.
Perhaps later.
Do you need me to do anything else?
Help me look for a movie to watch around there. I prefer Adventure type movies.
I've found 1 movie, would you like to see Shazam!?
Shazam! sounds great. Let's get back to getting a table at that restaurant we talked about.
What time would you like to book a table for?
I want it for 11:30.
I'll book you a table for 2 at Carneros Bistro in Sonoma at 11:30 am on March 1st, is that okay with you?
Yeah, that's exactly what I want. What's the address of the place?
I've booked you the table. Their address is 1325 Broadway.
Do they have any live music there?
I'm sorry, there's no live music.
Okay, thanks a lot. That's all for now.
Alright, take care.
I'd like to find a Latin American place to eat.
Which city should I look in?
I would like in Brentwood.
I have 2 restaurants in Brentwood including Jalisco's Restaurant.
Yes, that will be great.
Do you want to reserve a table there?
Maybe at a later time.
Is there anything else you can help with?
I would like to watch a movie around there.
What about Breakthrough, Captain Marvel, or Dumbo?
Dumbo will be great. Can you book a table at the restaurant I liked?
What time would you like the reservation for?
I'd like it at twelve in the afternoon.
Please confirm a table for Jalisco's Restaurant in Brentwood for 12 pm on March 1st for 2 people.
Yes, that will work.
The reservation is a success.
Thanks so much. That is everything I need.
Have a wonderful day.
Help me search for places to eat.
What city would you like to search in and is there a specific food you want?
Search in SFO and I really like French food.
You might like Amelie San Francisco in San Francisco.
Yeah, that sounds like it'll hit the spot.
Do you want me to book a table?
Perhaps later.
Do you need any further help.
I also want to watch a movie over there.
What do you think about Ash Is Purest White, Body Double, or Captain Marvel?
I'd prefer something else. And I want to watch a movie at Opera Plaza.
There are 2 movies that match. Would you like Dogman or Gloria Bell?
Dogman sounds great. Can we try to book a table at that restaurant we talked about?
What time is the booking for?
Let's do 11:00.
I'll book you a table for 2 at Amelie San Francisco in San Francisco on March 1st at 11 am, is that correct?
Yeah, please book it.
I have booked the table.
Thanks a lot, that's all the help I need.
Have a good rest of your day.
I would like to look for a place where I could eat during my visit at San Francisco. Can you please help me?
Sure, what kind of food do you prefer to eat?
There's no much of gastropub food in here. I think that would be perfect.
Yes, you are right. Where do you want me to check?
Juts somewhere in SFO will be okay.
I have found 10 restaurants and one of it is called B-side.It is nicely located in San Francisco.
I've tried that before. But they do not serve alcohol. Do you have any other suggestion?
How about Balboa Cafe that is located in the heart of San Francisco?
I've been there many time. I am really sorry but could you suggest a different one?
Let me see. How about Bartlett Hall at San Francisco?
Do you have their phone number? I think I shall call them first. I want to check if they have live music.
Unfortunately they do not have live music, but here is their phone number; 415-433-4332.
Thank you! I also wanted to watch a movie during my visit, I preferred to watch in Imax at AMC Metreon. DO they have funny movies on those dates?
Let me check. Ohh, yes There 1 movie, the title is Missing Link.
I watched the trailer of Missing Link. It looks good. Could you make a reservation at the restaurant that I liked?
For what time do you want me to make the reservation?
Please have i at 2 o"clock in the afternoon.
Okay, I am about to book a reservation at Bartlett Hall in San Francisco for 2 persons at 2 pm on March 1st. Is that right?
I'm sorry but I think that would be late for a lunch. Please make it 11:30 in the morning instead.
Okay, book a reservation at Bartlett Hall in San Francisco for 2 persons at 11:30 am. Would that be all?
Let's have it like this, booking for four persons tomorrow. I will invite my parents.
So that would be a reservation for 4 persons on March 2nd, is that right?
Yes, that's right. Is it not very costly? I do not have much with me.
The price range is moderate.But I wasn't able to make the reservation at Bartlett Hall for 4 persons. Shall I try booking at 11 am on March 2nd?
That's sad, but thanks for trying. Will handle it from here.
Okay, have a good day!
I am looking for a place to eat in Oakland that serves alcohol. I need someplace economical priced.
What type of food would you like to eat?
I would prefer Non meat food.
I found 2 restaurants in Oakland, one of them is Encuentro a nice restaurant.
Yes, that sounds good. I also want to watch a movie at New Parkway Theater. I prefer Cartoon movies.
I found 1 movie; How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World.
How to Train your Dragon: The Hidden World sounds great. Can you reserve me a table at the restaurant?
What time should I book for the reservation?
I would like it at two in the afternoon.
Can you confirm the reservation is for a table at Encuentro in Oakland for 2 people at 2 pm on March 1st.
No, i need it on 9th of March.
Can you confirm the reservation is at 2 pm on March 9th?
Yes, that is correct. What is the contact number and do they have live music?
Unfortunately I was not able to make the reservation. Can I assist you with something else?
No thank you.
Enjoy your day.
I'm planning on going out to eat later. Can you find me any restaurants that serve Latin American food?
Sure, where should I look?
Look in the San Jose area.
Okay, I found 10 restaurants that fit what you're looking for. How about eating at Chacho's in San Jose?
Great, that sounds perfect.
Do you want me to book a table there for you?
Maybe later. I want to catch a movie around there, can you find any movies at AMC Eastridge?
How about seeing Captain Marvel, Dumbo or How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World?
No thanks. Any imax movies you can find for me?
You should check out the movie Long Shot.
Okay, Long Shot sounds perfect.
How about buying some tickets?
No thanks, not right now. Can you please make me a reservation there for half past 10 in the morning at the restaurant I liked?
Please confirm that you'd like to book a table for 2 at Chacho's in San Jose for March 1st at 10:30 am.
Yup, that's right.
Sorry, but I couldn't make the reservation for you. Is there anything else I can help with?
No thanks, that's all I needed.
Okay, have a nice day!
I would like to find a place to eat.
In which city should I search, and do you prefer a certain type of food like American, Indian or something else?
Please search for something that is Barbecue in the intermediate priced rangelocated in Larkspur.
One nice restaurant in Larkspur is Belcampo Restaurant & Butcher Shop.
That sounds good.
Would you like to make reservations?
Not at this time.
What else can I assist you with today?
Please look for a movie near that area.
There are 6 movies. May I suggest Auntie Mame, Captain Marvel or Shine a Light?
No, I would rather see a drama movie at Lark Theater.
There is 1 movie I found titled Transit.
Transit works. I now would like to make restaurant reservations in the evening 4:45.
Please confirm you would like a table for 2 on March 1st at 4:45 pm for the Larkspur restaurant Belcampo Restaurant & Butcher Shop.
Yes. Do they serve alcohol?
Unfortunately I am unable to book that table. Is there anything else today?
No, thank you so much!
Enjoy the day!
I need an afforadable restaurant in SFO
Any type of food you're interested in?
I'm thinking Japanese, but it needs to be bargain priced for sure
I found 4 restaurants for you. Fujiyama-ya in San Francisco is good
What else do you have? Maybe a burrito?
I'd recommend El Tesoro Taqueria & Grill in San Francisco
Any other ideas?
Perhaps you'd like La Laguna in San Francisco?
Yes I'll go there. Can you find me a 3d movie nearby?
I found 10 movies for you. Are you interested in Citizen Kane, Dogman or Long Shot?
None of those sound good. What else do you have? Make it an imax show at United Artists Stonestown Twin
I found 2 movies for you: The Aftermath or The Mustang
Ok I'll go to the The Mustang. Can you get me a reservation at that restaurant we were just talking about?
Sure. What time?
I'd like to go at twelve pm
Please confirm: a table for 2 at La Laguna in San Francisco at 12 pm on March 1st
Yes that's right
I've booked your table
Do they have any live music there? Can I get their phone number?
There's no live music, but you can call them at 415-401-9420
Thanks. Appreciate it
Take care.
Can you help me find a place to eat?
Yes. What type of food do you prefer?
I think California food will be good.
Any particular city in mind?
Lets go with Los Gatos.
There is 1 restaurant. The Lexington House is a highly recommended restaurant located in Los Gatos
Can I have their address please? Do they serve alcohol?
Yes, they do serve alcohol. The Lexington House is located at 40 North Santa Cruz Avenue
That sounds perfect
Shall I reserve a table?
Yes please. I need a table for 3 on March 7th at 6 in the evening.
To confirm: You wish to reserve a table for 3 on March 7th at 6 pm at The Lexington House in Los Gatos. Is this correct?
Yes that is accurate.
Your reservation is confirmed.
Thank you. Now, can you help me find a movie to watch online?
Would you like to watch a drama or horror?
I think a Comic movie for suit me.
There are 10. What about Auntie Mame , A Madea Family Funeral or Dr. Strangelove?
Auntie Mame is perfect.
Would you like me to play the movie?
Not now. That is all I need thanks
Have a nice day.
I am tired of cooking and want to eat out.
Are you interested in Italian or Chinese cuisine or anything else?
Some african food would be ideal.
In which city?
I am looking for a bargain in San Fran.
Radio Africa Kitchen in San Francisco would be just what you are looking for.
Is alcohol served there?
Yes, it is.
That sounds like a plan then.
You would like reservations?
Yes, that would be cool.
For what time.
1:30 in the afternoon.
You would like a table for 2 at Radio Africa Kitchen in San Francisco for 1:30 pm on march 1st?
No, I want it on March 14th at 13:45
You want to book a table for March 14th at 1:45 pm?
Yes, for sure. Is there a number and address for the place?
The address is 4800 3rd street and the number is 415-826-9660. I apologize but the reservation was unsuccessful. Would you like me to make a reservation at Radio Africa Kitchen for 2 on March 14th at 1:30 pm?
Yes, that would be cool.
I have made the reservation.
Thanks a lot. I want to see an online movie.
What genre of movie?
An action movie would be awesome.
There is 1 available: the last dragon.
Last dragon would be very entertaining.
Would you like to play the movie.
No, I don't. That's all for now.
Enjoy your day.
Find me a place that serves Vietnamese food.
What city do you want to eat in?
I want to eat in Oakland.
Search revealed 5 places. Binh Minh Quan is located in Oakland and serves Vietnamese food.
Do they have alcohol?
They do not have any alcohol.
That is great.
Shall I make a reservation for you?
Yes, make me a reservation for one person at 12 o"clock in the afternoon for the 12th of March.
You want a table for 1 at Binh Minh Quan in Oakland for 12 pm on March 12th. Is that correct?
No, make it for two people.
You want a reservation for 2 at 12 pm. Is that correct?
That is correct.
Your table is booked.
Thanks a lot. Find me a Drama movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock to watch on the Internet.
Do you like The Man Who Knew Too Much?
The Man Who Knew Too Much works for me. That is all.
Have a great day.
I want to find a restaurant serving Brunch in Redwood City.
There is 1 restaurant. Stacks - Redwood City is in Redwood City.
Is there live music.
No. There's no live music.
Are they pricey?
They're in the moderate price range.
Please make a reservations. Sounds great.
For what time?
For 1:30 pm.
Please confirm you want a reservation for 2 on March 1st at Stacks - Redwood City in Redwood City at 1:30 pm.
Actually, it's for 1.
Please confirm you want me to book a table for 1 at Stacks - Redwood City.
Yes. That is correct.
Your reservation was a success.
I also want to watch on online movie.
What kind of movie?
I want to see a comedy directed by Stanley Kubrick.
Dr. Strangelove is a movie you might like.
Do you have anything directed by Laura Steinel?
Would you consider Family?
Family sounds amazing.
Should I play the movie?
No. Maybe later.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. That will be all.
Okay. Have a great day.
I am searching for some nice place with average priced foods to eat out side. Can you search for the one that suits to me?
Let me know your interested type like Italian, Indian or any other food that you like to eat and in which City do you want me to search for the same?
I want to search for the Greek food in Millbrae. Is that possible?
Yes and found one nice restaurant in Millbrae and its name is Zorba's Pizza. What about your opinion on this?
I need the one with liquor supply and can you check whether they will supply alcohol there. Also get their address details for my reference.
No, they do not supply alcohol and their address is 1567 El Camino Real. Let me know your comments to proceed further with this restaurant.
Yes, that is Okay for me even if they will not supply alcohol. Thanks.
Shall I go with booking of table there?
Yes, do it for me now.
I need to know about your convenient time to make the reservation.
7:30 pm will be perfect.
Please confirm to book a table for 2 in Zorba's pizza restaurant in Millbrae on March 1st at 7:30 pm.
That is confirmed. Please complete the reservation process.
I have confirmed the reservation successfully.
I will be so happy If I hear any music while eating my favorite food, can you check whether they offer any live music there?
Sorry, unfortunately they do not offer live music there.
It's Okay, please tell me the contact number of that restaurant.
It is 650-875-1616. Anything else?
Yes, please search for a movie to watch online. Something nice.
Do you have any desired kind of movies you like to search now?
Yes, I am thinking of Fantasy movies, search the nice one for me.
What about Dumbo, Mad Max: Fury Road or Hellboy?
Mad Max is perfect. That's all, thanks.
Have a great day.
I'd like to find a place to get some food.
What kind would you like to eat?
Southern food sounds great.
Where should I search?
I'd like to find some Parisian food in SFO.
Amelie San Francisco is a great choice in San Francisco.
How expensive are they?
They have moderate prices.
Could you suggest another one? I'd like to find one in Walnut Creek.
Cypress Restaurant is a great choice in Walnut Creek.
Do they serve alcohol?
They do serve alcohol.
That would work great for me. I'd like to make a reservation for two people on the 5th of March at half past 5 in the evening.
Please confirm the following: You want a table for 2 at Cypress Restaurant in Walnut Creek at 5:30 PM on March 5th.
Yes, that works. Do they play live music?
The table has been reserved. They don't do live music.
Thanks so much! I'd like to find a movie to watch on the Internet. A documentary would be great.
Would you like to watch Breakthrough, JT LeRoy, or Searching for Sugar Man?
Searching for Sugar Man sounds good.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Nothing else today. Thanks!
Have a great day!
I need to find a restuarant.
What kind of food are you looking for?
Something pricey, preferably Curry.
In which city?
Please find a restaurant in Burlingame.
Rasa is nice and located in Burlingame.
Do they have live music there?
No they do not.
Perfect, please book a table.
What time would you like your reservation?
Please make it at 1 pm.
Okay you want a table at Rasa on March 1st at 1 pm in Burlingame for 2, correct?
Yes that is great. What is the address please? Do they serve liquor?
Your reservation has been made. The address is 209 Park Road and they do not serve alcohol.
Can you find me a detective movie online please.
How about Body Double or Citizen Kane?
I like to see Citizen Kane.
Do you want to watch it now?
No thanks.
Can I help with anything else?
No that's all.
Have a great day.
I want to find a place to eat please.
Certainly. What kind of food would you like, American, Italian or another option?
I think I'd like a Barbecue place.
In what city please?
I want a place in Cupertino which is intermediate priced and also serves alcohol.
There's a nice restaurant in Cupertino called Eureka! which you might like.
Maybe something else, like a place that serves Lobster?
I have 2 choices for you in Cupertino. How about Kikusushi Japanese Restaurant?
That should work. Can you make a reservation at 6 pm for two please?
Confirming a table for 2 on March 1st at Kikusushi Japanese Restaurant in Cupertino at 6 pm.
Excellent, thank you.
The table has been successfully reserved.
Great. I want to find an online movie to watch, too.
What genre would you like?
Something scary please.
Would you like to watch The Curse of La Llorona?
Sure, The Curse of La Llorona would be perfect.
Shall I start the movie now?
Not yet. I'm all set for now.
Thank you very much.
I am looking for an oriental restaurant that serves alcohol.
What city should I look in?
Check San Ramon.
I have 1 restaurant that should work. Pearl Garden Restaurant is a nice San Ramon restaurant.
Okay, sounds good. Make me a reservation.
What time do you want to make the reservation?
Make the reservation for 5:30 pm.
Could you confirm that you want one table at Pearl Garden Restaurant San Ramon for 5:30 pm on March 1st? The reservation will be for 2 people, right?
Yes, that is good. Is it an expensive restaurant? Is there live music?
Your reservation was made successfully. There is no live music. They have moderate prices.
I would like to find a movie to watch online. Thriller movies are great.
There are 2 movies that you may like. How about Hotel Mumbai or Pet Sematary?
Pet Sematary is a good one. That is all I need for now.
Have a great day.
I would like to eat in a place which serves alcohol
In which city? Do you prefer Indian, American or anything else?
In Mountain View. I prefer some Coffeehouse
In Mountain View there's Bajis Cafe
Yes, It's good for me
Do you want to book a table?
Yes, I want to book.
What time do you want to book?
I would like to book at 5 pm
A table for 2 people at Bajis Cafe in Mountain View, on March 1st at 5 pm. Do you confirm?
Yes, I confirm
Your table has been booked
I want to watch a movie online
What movie would you like?
I'd like a Thriller movie
Do you prefer Hotel Mumbai or Pet Sematary?
I prefer Hotel Mumbai
Want to watch the movie right away?
Not now, thanks
Do you need anything else?
No, It's all, thanks
Have a nice day
I want to go eat somewhere, can you help me out?
Is there a type of food you prefer? And what city are you interested in?
I'd like to eat Freshwater fish in San Jose.
Ariake is a nice spot in San Jose.
Do you recommend anywhere else? And it should be a place with alcohol.
There are 4 restaurants that match. Blue Water Seafood And Crab is a nice spot in San Jose.
Can you give me their address and phone number?
They're located at 860 Willow Street and can be contacted at 408-289-8879.
Okay, cool, any other suggestions?
Olive Garden Italian Restaurant is a nice spot in San Jose.
Okay, let's go with that.
Do you want me to get you a table?
Yeah, please get me a table for two on March 10th.
What time is it for?
It's for the afternoon 1:15.
Okay, I'll get you a table for 2 at Olive Garden Italian Restaurant in San Jose on March 10th at 1:15 pm, can you confirm that?
Yeah, I confirm all of that. And what's their address?
They are located at 940 Blossom Hill Road. I'm sorry but that time in unavailable. Do you want to try a table for 2 at Olive Garden Italian Restaurant on March 10th at 1:30 pm?
Yeah, try that time.
I've booked you the table.
Oh, and do they feature live music? Also, what are the prices like?
They don't feature live music and the prices are in the moderate range.
Thanks a lot. Now can you help me look for a movie to watch online?
What kind of movies do you prefer?
I really like Drama.
There are 10 movies that match. How about Dogman, Hackers, or High Life?
I really like Dogman, okay that's all the help I need for now.
Have a pleasant rest of your day.
I want to find a place to eat.
What city?
Something inexpensive in South San Francisco.
What kind of food? Chinese? Italian? American?
Szcheuan food!
King Sun Buffet in South San Francisco is a good choice.
Anything else?
New Golden Wok is also located in South San Francisco.
Yes, make a reservation for 1 person on March 4th at 12:30 in the afternoon.
Please confirm, table for 1 at New Golden Wok in South San Francisco on March 4th at 12:30 pm.
Cool.
Your reservation was successful.
Do they have live music or serve alcohol?
They do not have either.
Thanks! Please find me a drama movie directed by Matteo Garrone.
I found 1 movie called Dogman.
Dogman is cool.
Anything else?
No, thanks.
Have a nice day.
I would like to find a Filipino restaurant in South San Francisco please.
Are you interested in Fort McKinley Restaurant, Bar & Banquet in South San Francisco?
Is it a reasonably priced place and do they play live music there?
They do have live music and they are in the moderate price range.
Sounds good. Let's reserve a table please.
For what time?
At 12:15 in the afternoon please.
Confirming a 12:15 pm reservation for 2 on March 1st at Fort McKinley Restaurant, Bar & Banquet in South San Francisco.
Can you make that for next Friday? I'd like to go at half past 1 in the afternoon.
Confirming a March 8th reservation at 1:30 pm.
Yes, that's right.
The table has been booked.
What's the address and do they serve alcohol there?
They don't serve alcohol, I'm sorry. The location is 101 Brentwood Drive.
Thanks. I also want to find a drama movie to watch, something like the movies Claire Denis directs.
Would you like to watch High Life?
High Life would be perfect.
Shall I play the movie now?
Not yet, thanks. I'm good for now.
Thank you very much.
I am trying to find a place to eat.
What type of food were you trying to find?
Some Laotian food sounds perfect.
In what city should I look in?
I'd like it to be in San Francisco.
I found 2 restaurants for you. One nice restaurant is Champa Garden Restaurant in San Francisco.
Did you have any other restaurants?
I also found a nice restaurant called Maneelap Srimongkoun Restaurant in San Francisco.
Does it have an above average price range?
It has a moderate price range.
Does the restaurant have live music?
No.
Yes, that sounds good.
Did you wish to book a table here?
Yes, I'd like to make a reservation.
When did you want to make the reservation for?
I'd like to make it for 11 o"clock in the morning.
Please confirm you're booking a table for 2 at Maneelap Srimongkoun Restaurant in San Francisco on March 1st at 11 am.
Yes, that is correct. Where is it located?
Your reservation has been confirmed. It is located at 4995 Mission Street.
I'd also like to find a movie to watch online.
What type of movies did you like to watch?
Rom-com movies sound perfect.
I found After, Pillow Talk, and Say Anything.
Pillow Talk sounds great.
Would you like to play the movie?
No, I do not want to do that. That will be all I need.
Have a nice day.
Hey, can you find me a place to eat with live music at a budget price?
Which city should I check?
Please check San Jose.
What type of food do you want?
I'd like to have some coffee & light bites.
How about Mcdonald's in San Jose?
Is there anything else?
Sorry, I couldn't find anything else. Would you like me to do another thing?
Please search again. Raise the price to moderate and change the area to Benicia.
Okay, how about First St. Cafe in Benicia?
Is there anything else?
There's the Benicia famous restaurant, The Rellik Tavern.
How can I contact them? Where is it?
You can call them on 707-745-9938. They're at 726 1st Street.
That sounds good. Please reserve a table for one at afternoon 12:30 on March 4th.
Okay, please confirm that you'd like a table for 1 at The Rellik Tavern in Benicia from 12:30 pm on March 4th.
No, I need it for three people please.
Okay, the tavern in Benicia for 3?
Please change the date and time to eleven in the morning on March 13th.
Okay, 11 am on March 13th.
That's great. Do they sell alcohol?
Yes they do. Your reservation is complete.
Thanks so much.
Is there anything else?
Can you find me a funny movie by Tina Gordon?
Sure, how about Little?
Little sounds good.
Should I play the movie?
No thanks, I don't want to watch it.
Great. Anything else?
No, that's all.
Okay, see you.
Find an economical priced restaurant.
Cuisine? City?
Diner food in Windsor.
Charlie's Restaurant is in Windsor.
What else can you find?
KC's American Kitchen is in Windsor.
Good, make a reservation.
For what time?
One in the afternoon.
Please confirm: table for 2 at Kc's American Kitchen in Windsor at 1 pm on March 1st.
No, on the 7th.
Please confirm: table at KC's American Kitchen on March 7th.
Yes. What's the address? Do they serve alcohol?
Your table is booked. It's at 9501 Duvander Lane. There's no alcohol served.
Thanks. Find a fantasy movie, something by Hiroyasu Ishida.
There's Penguin Highway.
Penguin Highway is good. Ok that's all.
Have a nice day.
I have a plan to eat outside for which I need your help to find some nice places with fancy prices in San Francisco.
Do you have any category of food in your mind to eat like Chinese, American or any other type of food? If you let me know your interest then it will be easy to search as per your taste.
I think I like the European Food very much and make your search based on this.
What about Bar Tartine restaurant in San Francisco which is the best place for European food?. What is your opinion?.
I want the place with live music and liquor supply. Can you check with the restaurant that they will allow these?
The will serve Liquor but they do not have any live music there. Is that okay to you?
Search for something else.
What about Bon Marche Brasserie & Bar restaurant in San Francisco?
That I think will work for me and I need you to make a reservation at this restaurant on the 12th.
At what time?
Book it for the time six in the evening on that day.
Please confirm to book a table for 2 in the Bon Marche Brasserie & Bar restaurant in San Francisco on March 12th at 6 pm.
That is confirmed to proceed further.
I have booked it successfully.
Can you search for a Movie to watch online now.
Yes, let me know your interested type of movie.
I like the one directed by Martin Scorsese and non-fiction movies will be good for me.
How about Shine A Light?
That is Okay. Shine a Light is a good movie. Thanks and that's all.
Have a great day.
I'm looking for a restaurant.
In which city?
I'm looking for somewhere to eat small plates food in Berkeley.
Fonda is a restaurant in Berkeley.
Is it pricey?
It is in the moderate price range.
That's perfect for me.
Should I reserve a table?
Yes. Please reserve.
For what time?
Please reserve for 5 o"clock in the evening.
Please confirm you want me to book a table for 2 at Fonda in Berkeley on March 1st at 5 pm.
Actually, for 3 at afternoon 1.
Please confirm you want me to book a table for 3 at 1 pm.
Yes. Can I have their address?
Their address is 1501 Solano Avenue. The reservation wasn't successful. Would you like me to book a table for 3 on March 1st at 12:30 pm at Fonda?
Yes. Sound perfect.
Your reservation was a success.
Is there live music there? What's their direct line?
There is no live music. Their direct line is 510-559-9006.
Thanks. Are there any drama movies directed by Laure de Clermont-Tonnerre to watch online?
The Mustang is 1 movie.
The Mustang sounds awesome.
Should I play the movie.
No. That's all.
Okay. Goodbye.
Hi, are there any nice places where I can dine at?
Any preference on the type of cuisine or food?
Some pasta would be great, I have been wanting to eat this for ages!
Sure, any preference on the city of the restaurant?
Would prefer one which is located around Berkeley.
There are 8 restaurants, one of which is Cugini Restaurant in Berkeley.
Sure, this is fine with me.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Sure, please help to do so, thanks!
What time do you intend to visit them?
I will be dining in at 18:45.
Please confirm your reservation for 2 at Cugini Restaurant in Berkeley at 6:45 pm on March 1st.
Sorry, could you change the timing to 12:45 in the afternoon instead?
Sure, please confirm your reservation at Berkeley at 12:45 pm.
This is fine with me.
Sorry, I was unable to make your reservation at Cugini Restaurant for 2. How about March 1st at 12:30 pm instead?
Sure, this is fine with me too.
Your reservation has been made!
Thank you. Can you help me search for movies to watch online, preferably one directed by Laura Steinel.
Any preference on the movie genre?
I would like a comedy movie please.
There is 1 movie you might like, but the genre is Family. How about that?
Family is fine with me too.
Would you like me to play the movie for you?
No thank you, that is all I need for now. Thanks!
No worries, have a great day ahead!
Can you find me a place to eat?
What is your preferred category of food and the city?
I prefer some pasta kind of food with above average priced food in SF.
There are 10 restaurants. One is called Ala Romana located in San Francisco.
Okay. That sounds good to me.
Do you want me to reserve a table here?
Yes. Please reserve a table for me.
What time should I reserve the table for?
Reserve the table at twelve pm.
Please confirm: You want me to reserve a table for 2 people at Ala Romana located in San Francisco on March 1st at 12 pm.
Okay. That sounds good to me. Can you check whether they have live music?
I have successfully made your reservation and they do not have live music.
Can you find me a good movie to watch online?
What is the category of movies you like?
I prefer comedy movies.
What do you think of A Madea Family Funeral, Auntie Mame or Dr. Strangelove?
Dr. Strangelove sounds perfect to me.
Would you like to play the movie now?
That will be all. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a great day!
I am looking for moderate priced place to eat in San Fran.
What kind of food are you looking forward to eat ?
Some Burrito kind of food will be a perfect choice.
There are 10 restaurants available. Arguello in San Francisco i is a good choice.
Yes. That is perfect for me.
Would you like to book a table ?
Please do make the reservation.
Reservation is for which time ?
It's for next Tuesday for one person at half past 4 in the evening.
Can you please confirm the details: Hotel Arguello in San Francisco for March 5th for 1 person for 4:30 pm.
Yes. What is the contact number of the restaurant?
Sorry the reservation is not done. Is there anything else I can help you with ?
Can you please book it for March 7th for 3 people at evening 7:30.
Please confirm the details: Arguello in San Francisco for March 7th from 7:30 pm for 3 people.
Yes. That's perfect. Do they have facility of live music ?
The reservation is successful. They don't have live music.
I would like to watch a movie directed by Kevin Kolsch.
What type of movies do you prefer ?
Thriller would be a good option
What are your opinion on Pet sematary ?
Are there other options available. I like movies directed by Anthony Maras.
How about hotel Mumbai ?
Hotel Mumbai is great. That's all I needed as of now.
Have a great day.
I am looking for a afforadable place to eat that serves alcohol.
What kind of food are you looking for? You can say Mexican, Italian, or anything else. Also, what city should i search in.
I am looking for some American food in Fairfield.
Red Lobster is a nice restaurant located in Fairfield.
What is the address?
1525 Travis Boulevard.
Sounds good, I want to make a reservation.
What time would you like your reservation to be?
At 12:30 for one person.
Please confirm the following details: One table for 1 at Red Lobster in Fairfield on March 1st at 12:30 pm.
Yes that's good.
Your reservation is complete.
I want to find a movie online. I like movies directed by Qui Sheng.
What kind of movies do you like?
I like drama movies.
How about Suburban Birds?
Is there any other options?
I failed to find any movies matching your search criteria. Is there anything else I can help with?
Please continue the search. I want to find some comic movies. I really like Laura Steinel.
How about Family?
Family will work. That is all.
Have a great day!
Find a coffeehouse with low priced food.
Which city?
San Jose.
McDonald's is in San Jose.
That works, book a table for two at 12:45.
Please confirm: table for 2 at McDonald's on March 1st at 12:45 pm in San Jose.
Yes. Do they have live music?
They have live music. I couldn't make that reservation. McDonald's has an opening for 2 people at 1 pm on March 1st, how about that?
Ok.
Your table is booked.
Find a documentary movie online.
I found Knock Down the House and The Invisibles.
Knock Down the House, please.
Play it now?
No, not yet.
What else can I help with?
Nothing, thanks.
Have a nice day.
I'm starving. You have a cafe you recommend?
Depends on the city.
See what you got in Oakland.
I got Homestead in Oakland.
Whats their digits? Can I get loaded there?
510-420-6962. No alcohol.
Thats fine. Get me a table for 3 on the 3rd of this month.
For what time?
18:30. But make it for 1.
Table for 1 at Homestead in Oakland at 6:30 pm on March 3rd?
Yes. That's what I want.
And thats what you got.
Great. Now if you could just find me a good comedy by Tina Gordon.
I recommend Little.
I'm big on Little. Thanks. I think I'm good.
Glad I could be of some help.
I would like to eat something somewhere
In which city?
I'd like in Moraga
Do you prefer American, Mexican or anything else?
I would like to eat Pasta in an afforadable priced restaurant that serves alcohol
I found La Finestra Ristorante in Moraga
There's live music?
No, there isn't live music
Tell me its telephone number, please
Contact number is 925-376-4444
Ok, It's perfect. I want to book a table
What time do you want to book?
At morning 10:30, please
A table for 2 people at La Finestra Ristorante in Moraga, on March 1st at 10:30 am
Yes, that's fine!
Unfortunately it is impossible to proceed with the booking. Do you need anything else?
Yes, please try again. Book it at morning 11:30
A table for 2 people at La Finestra Ristorante in Moraga, on March 1st at 11:30 am. Is it correct?
Yes, it is.
The reservation has taken place!
What is the restaurant address?
The address is 1419 Moraga Way
Thank you for helping. I'd like to watch an Adventure movie online
I found 4 movies. Do you prefer Captain Marvel, Shazam! or The Poseidon Adventure?
What else do you propose?
I propose True Grit
Oh, wonderful! True Grit is fine!
Want to watch the movie now?
No, thanks, not now
Do you need anything else?
No, thanks, It's all for now
Have a nice day
I need a bite to eat somewhere.
I can find something if you give me an area.
Look in Sebastopol for sushi.
I see 2 places in Sebastopol. Try Sushi Hana first.
Whats the other one?
Sushi Tozai in Sebastopol.
Is that average priced?
More like moderate.
How can I contact them.
You can dial them at 707-824-9886.
I think they will do.
So, book a table?
Yes, Book one.
What time do you want?
6:45 pm is good.
A table for 2 at 6:45 pm at Sushi Tozai in Sebastopol on March 1st?
Yes. Give me their exact location too.
Sushi Tozai is at 7531 Healdsburg Avenue. But I could not get a table. I can try 6:30 pm on March 1st for 2 if you want.?
Yes, do that please.
Done. You have a table.
Great. Time for a Martin Scorsese Flick, a Biographical one.
I suggest Shine a Light.
Shine a Light is a bright choice.
Thanks. I got more where that came from.
I'm sure you do but I am good for now.
Great. Take care.
Can you help my find a restaurant with above average pricing?
What type of food would you like? Mexican, American, or something else maybe?
Italian food sounds good right now.
Where should I look?
I want to find something in San Fran.
There's a nice Italian place called Ala Romana in San Francisco.
Is there anything else? Maybe something more reasonably priced?
I found 10 more you might like. How about 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in San Francisco?
Hmm, could you suggest something else?
Sure, what about A16 in San Francisco?
Do they serve liquor there? What is their phone number?
They do serve liquor. You can contact them at 415-771-2216.
Yeah that sounds good. I'd like to make a reservation there.
What time should the reservation be for?
I'd like to make the reservation at a quarter past 12 in the afternoon.
So you would like to make a reservation for 2 people at A16 in San Francisco on March 1st at 12:15 pm, is that correct?
No, I would like to make it for evening 5:30 on the 10th of March instead.
So you would like the reservation for March 10th at 5:30 pm, is that correct?
Yes that sounds better. Where are they located?
They are located at 2355 Chestnut Street. I was unable to make a reservation for that time. Shall a try a reservation at A16 for 2 people on March 10th at 5 pm instead?
Sure, try that.
Your reservation was made successfully.
Okay, great. Now I'd like to find a movie to watch. I'd like to watch a comedy directed by Tyler Perry.
I found 1 movie that might interest you. How about A Madea Family Funeral?
Family Funeral would be perfect. That is all I need for now, thank you.
Alright, have a nice day.
Find me a restaurant in San Francisco.
Do you prefer Mexican, Indian, or another type of food?
I am looking for some above average priced California food.
Search revealed 8 places. Alta Msp is located in San Francisco.
What else do you have?
Central Kitchen is also in San Francisco.
What other results are there?
Grill At The St. Regis is in San Francisco.
That is perfect.
Shall I make a reservation for you?
Yes, book me a table.
What time do you want to eat?
I want to be there at 12:30.
You want a reservation for 2 people at the Grill At The St. Regis in San Francisco on March 1st at 12:30 pm. Is that right?
No, the reservation is for 1 person.
You want a table for 1 in San Francisco. Is that correct?
That is correct and can you tell me their phone number?
Your table is booked and you can contact the restaurant at 415-284-4188.
Thanks a lot. Find me a movie to see on the Internet.
What genre of movies do you like?
I like to watch Drama movies.
Search revealed 10 results. Dogman, Hackers, and High Life are three titles available.
Hackers works for me.
Shall I cast the movie for you?
No, not right now.
Do you need something more?
No, not right now. Thanks a lot.
Have a great day.
I need to find a cheap Chinese restaurant.
Where should I search for you?
I need to find something in Concord.
May I suggest Hunan Restaurant in Concord?
What's the phone number? Do they offer live music?
Unfortunately, they do not have live musical acts. The phone number is 925-827-4800.
That's fine. It sounds good anyway.
Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes, please make a reservation for me.
What time would work best for you?
Try quarter past 6 in the evening.
You'd like a table for 2 at Hunan Restaurant in Concord at 6:15 pm on March 1st. Is this correct?
I'm sorry, can we change that to 18:00 on the 8th?
Can you review the details for me? You'd like a table on March 8th at 6 pm.
That is correct. Can you tell me if they offer liquor?
They do not serve alcohol. The table has been confirmed.
Where is the restaurant located?
It is located at 4804 Clayton Road.
Perfect. Thank you. I'd like to watch a movie now. Can you find me a love story, perhaps something directed by Cameron Crowe?
Would you like to watch Say Anything?
I love Say Anything. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a nice night.
Generally I love to eat outside but I have no enough time to do it. But now I got some free time and I need your help to search for a nice place to eat.
What is your favorite City to search for a restaurant. If you have one in your mind then tell me the same to search there.
Yes, I was thinking of Berkeley City for a long time to eat there but I did not get any chance so please search for a restaurant there.
Oh, definitely will search there. I also want to know your interested type of food like Italian, Indian or anything else that you love to eat, so that I can search as per your taste.
I love to eat Laotian food very much. Search for the similar one.
What about a restaurant named Dara Thai/Lao Cuisine in Berkeley?
What is their address and price range. Please check and confirm that the food in this restaurant is not very costly.
Yes, they have moderate range prices only and the address is 1549 Shattuck Avenue.
Then it will be fine.
What else you need, shall I book a table there now?
Yes make if for 3 persons.
At what time?
May be evening 6:45 is the convenient time to me.
Please confirm to book a table for 3 at Dara Thai/Lao Cuisine in Berkeley on March 1st at 6:45 pm.
That is correct, please go ahead. Also check whether they will offer any live music there?
No, they do not have live music. Sorry I could not make the reservation at that time. Shall I book it for the new time 6:30 pm at Dara Thai/Lao Cuisine on the same day March 1st for 3 persons?
Yes, that is also okay for me. proceed.
I have reserved the table successfully in that restaurant.
I need one more help from you. Search for some nice movies to watch online.
Let me know your choice of movie category
Non-fiction movies are liked by me always.
Found 4 results. Select your option from these 3 movies such as Breakthrough, JT LeRoy and Searching for sugar man.
I want to search something else in Comedy genre.
Got 10 results and what about your opinion on movies A Madea Family Funeral, Auntie Mame and Dr. Strangelove?
I like to go with the movie Auntie mame.
Shall I play it now for you?
No, not now. May be later. Thanks for everything.
Have a great day.
I need help finding a place with good food, money is not a problem.
Do you have a preference of what type of food you would like?
Find a place that has a good burrito!
Where are you wanting to go to eat?
Find a restaurant in Pacifica.
I have 1 spot in Pacifica you may like, how about The Surf Spot?
Can I get the number and address to that restaurant?
Yes, the phone number is 650-355-7873 and the address is 4627 Pacific Coast Highway.
Great that sounds like a plan!
Do you want me to reserve you a table?
Yes that would be cool.
Do you have a time preference?
Yes, make it for 11:45 am.
Okay so you said table for 2 on March 1st at 11:45 am at The Surf Spot in pacifica?
Yes that is right, and also can you find out if they sell liquor and have live music?
Yes I can! So, the good news is that the Surf Spot do serve alcohol, however the only available table they have for 2 on March 1st is for 11:30 am, would that be okay?
That would be fine.
Great! I have successfully completed your reservations.
Great! Now, do you think you can help me find a good movie to watch online?
What type of movies do you enjoy?
I love a good sports movie.
How about Fighting with My Family?
Yes, Fighting with Family would be perfect.
Would you like for me to play this movie for you now?
No, I will watch it later.
Did you need help with anything else?
No, that will be it. Thanks
You are welcome, have a great day.
I think my roommate wants to go out somewhere to eat tonight. Can you look up some economical priced restaurants for us?
Sure, what kind of food do you like?
I'm in the mood for some Ramen.
Ok, and what city do you want to go to?
Anything in Mountain View is fine.
Ok, it looks like Bushido is a pretty popular ramen place in Mountain View. How about that?
Yeah, that sounds perfect.
Do you want to make a reservation?
Yeah, can you make it for two people at 6 pm on the 7th of March?
Sure. To confirm, you want to make a reservation for 2 people at Bushido in Mountain View at 6 pm on March 7th. Is that right?
Yes, that's perfect. What's their number?
I've made the reservation. You can reach them at 650-386-6821.
Great, thanks. By the way, do they have live music?
No, unfortunately no live music.
Ok, that's fine. We might also want to watch a movie later. Can you see if there are any Love story movies by Tom McCarthy streaming right now?
Sure, I found 1 that's currently online. How about The Visitor?
The Visitor would be perfect!
Should I put it on?
No, not right now.
Ok, anything else I can do?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Sure, have a good day.
Can you find me somewhere to eat?
Sure, what kind of food?
I'd like an Italian restaurant.
Okay, what city?
In Lafayette, please.
I found 3 places, how about Locanda Positano in Lafayette?
That sounds great.
Okay, should I reserve a table?
Yes please. Get me a table for four from quarter past 7 in the evening.
Okay sure. Please confirm that you'd like a table for 4 at Locanda Positano in LAfayette from 7:15 pm on March 1st.
No, make it 11:30 in the morning on March 6th.
Okay, 11:30 am on March 6th?
No. I want it just for 1 person on the 11th of this month.
Okay. 1 seat on March 11th?
Yes, that's fine.
Okay, your table has been booked.
Thanks. Can you find me a movie?
Sure, what kind of movie?
I want to watch a drama.
Sure, I found 10 movies. How about Dogman, Hackers or High Life?
High Life sounds good.
Should I play it?
No thanks, I don't want to watch it.
Okay, anything else?
No, that's all.
Okay, see you.
Hey, I want to eat a good burger. I want something special, so please search in the above average price range.
Okay, what city should I search?
Please check in SF.
I found 10 restaurants in San Francisco. How about 1760?
Is there anything else?
Sure, how about 25 Lusk in San Francisco?
Is there anything else?
3rd Cousin is also in San Francisco.
Do they sell alcohol?
No, they do not.
How can I contact them?
You can call them on 415-814-3709.
That sounds good.
Should I reserve a table for you?
Yes, please. Get me a table for 1 on the 6th.
Okay sure, from what time?
From evening 7.
Okay, please confirm that you'd like to book a table for 1 at 3rd Cousin in San Francisco from 7 pm on March 6th.
Yes, that's correct.
Reservation successful, enjoy.
Thanks. Can you find me a movie to stream?
Sure, what genre?
I love detective movies.
Great, how about Body Double or Citizen Kane?
Citizen Kane is perfect. That'll be all.
Okay, see you.
I'm in the mood for a bite, look for a restaurant
I'll do it right away, just tell me the city and the type of food
The city is burlingame and the type of food is southern kind, if available
My research tells me that there are 4 restaurants, one of them is 37 north in burlingame
What about the price range? Is it fancy?
No, it's moderate
Then I would love to try it
I can book a table for you, if you wish.
Yes, do it please. The date is March 2nd at 6 pm
Before I do that, tell me if what I am about to do, it's what you want. I'm going to book a table for 2 people at 37 north in burlingame. The day of the reservation is march 2nd at 6 pm
N, the time is not right, it is 1:45 pm
Okay, then confirm me again the data. The day of the reservation is March 2nd and the time is 1:45 pm
Yes, proceed please.
I can't do that on the time you asked me. I may try to book a table for 2 at 37 north on march 2nd at 1:30 pm, what do you say?
Okay, try it now please
This time I succeeded
Great, let's move to something else now, I need an advice for a movie to watch online
I can do that, just tell me your favorite genre.
Drama movies, thank you
What do you think about dogman, hackers or high life?
High life is a very interesting movie
I can play it for you.
No no, don't do it. You can go now.
Okay, bye bye
I am searching for a place to eat.
What type of food you want and in which city i should search in?
I prefer some kind of steakhouse food in San Jose
There is a restaurant called Black Angus Steakhouse in San Jose
What is its cost?
Cost of it is moderate
Perfect and i need to make booking at restaurant
What is the booking time?
I want it at 4:45 pm
Please give confirmation details: Booking table for 2 people at Black Angus Steakhouse at 4:45 pm on March 1st at San Jose
Fine.Can i have their phone number and do they provide live music?
I failed in booking, can i help in something else?
I need to try booking again at 12 pm
Please give confirmation details: Booking a table for 2 people at Black Angus Steakhouse at 12 pm in the city of San Jose on March 1st
That is fine
Booking is done
As i like movies directed by David Sandberg, i want you to search for online movies
What sort of movies you want to watch?
I prefer adventure movies
How about Shazam!
Is there anything more? I also prefer war movies like movies directed by James Kent
How about the Aftermath?
The aftermath is fantastic.That is fine
Have a nice day
I need to find a place to eat.
Is there a specific city I should look for the restaurant? Is there some particular kind of food you prefer?
I would be fine with having the Breakfast kind of food. I would like for the restaurant to be in San Jose.
There is 1 restaurant which matches what you want. I can suggest Mcdonald's in San Jose which is a nice restaurant.
Yes, that suits me well.
Do you want to have a table booked there?
Yes I want to book a table there, and I need it for 3 people. I would like for the reservation to be for 6 in the evening.
Can you please confirm that you want to book a table for 3 people at Mcdonald's in San Jose on March 1st at 6 pm?
That suits me well. Can you tell me if the price range is not very costly? Can you give me their phone number?
Your table has been booked. The price range of the restaurant is considered inexpensive. If you want to call them you can at 408-238-4321
Now I would like to watch a movie online.
Is there some specific kind of movie you enjoy?
The Mystery movies are the ones which I usually enjoy watching.
How would you consider watching Body Double or Citizen Kane?
Body Double would be a nice movie to watch.
Would you like for the movie to start playing now?
No, I do not want to watch the movie now.
Is there something else I can help you with?
Nothing. Thank you.
Have a wonderful time!
I need a place to eat.
What sort of food do you want to eat?
Oriental food would be great.
Whta city do you want me to look in?
Find me some food in San Francisco.
I have 10 restaurants in San Francisco. 8 Immortals Restaurant is a good one.
Does it have a lavish price rance? Is liquor served?
Their price range is inexpensive and they do not serve alcohol.
Would you suggest another restaurant?
Bai Thong Thai is a good restaurant in San Francisco.
That works for me.
Would I be able to further assist you?
I would like to make a reservation at this restaurant for the 4th of this month at 19:00.
Could you confirm that you want to book a table at Bai Thong Thai in San Francisco for 8 pm on March 4th at 7 pm? This reservation is for 2.
That is good.
Sorry, but the reservation didn't go through. How about Bai Thong Thai for 2 people on March 4th at 6:30 pm?
Yeah that is fine.
Your reservation was made.
Could you tell me their contact number and address?
Their street address is 298 Gough Street and the phone number is 415-863-9335.
Thanks a bunch. I would like to watch a movie online and I especially like movies directed by Hiroyasu Ishida.
What sort of movies are your favorite?
Fantasy movies are awesome.
There is 1 movie that you may like. How about Penguin Highway?
Penguin Highway is a good one. That is all I need for now.
Have a great day.
Help me find somewhere to eat in San Francisco. Lebanese food would be ideal.
How about Arabian Nights? That's a nice spot in San Francisco.
Okay. Let's go with that. I need a table for 2 at 7:30 in the evening. This will be on the 6th of March.
Let's go over the details. You want to reserve a table for 2 at Arabian Nights in San Francisco. You'll get there at 7:30 pm on March 6th.
Actually, no, the date should be the 11th of March.
Sure. Revisiting, you still want a table for 2 but on March 11th?
Yup. Answer some questions for me too. Do they have alcohol or live music?
I've made the reservation. Unfortunately, though, they have neither.
Thank you. Can you help me find a Comedy movie too? I'm fond of Stanley Kubrick as a director.
What do you think of Dr. Strangelove?
Dr. Strangelove is a great choice. I don't need anything else right now.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Pull up local eateries.
Ok, which city will we be searching?
Search Berkeley.
Would you like Mexican, Chinese or is there another option you would prefer?
Find eateries that serve Noodles and dishes similar to that please.
Berkeley has a great spot called Crave Asia!
Oh yes, let's book a table for 12 o"clock in the afternoon.
Alright, please confirm a table for 2 people on March 1st at Crave Asia in Berkeley for 12 pm. Did I get this right?
Yes, perfect.
Great news, your reservation was successfully confirmed.
Thanks, Let's go ahead and pull up online movies directed by Harry Elfont.
Which genre of movies do you prefer?
Lets do some Funny comedies please.
I found 1 movie that may interest you. Josie and the Pussycats!
Josie and the Pussycats will be great.
Should I start this movie for you?
No, that won't be necessary. Good bye.
Alright, Good bye.
I am hungry for food.
Which city shall I look in? What kind of food?
Oriental food will work. I want it in San Francisco.
8 Immortals Restaurant is an Asian restaurant in San Francisco.
What's the address?
It is 1433 Taraval.
What else is there? I like Ramen and want it to be moderate priced.
I found 10 restaurants for you in San Francisco. 2g Japanese Brasserie serves ramen.
Yes, that sound good.
Do you want to reserve a table?
Yes please, make it for 1 at evening 5:30.
Please confirm the following details: the reservation is for 1 at 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco at 5:30 pm on March 1st.
Yes, that works.
Your reservation went through!
What movies are available to stream?
What kinds of movies do you like?
I like Drama movies.
How about Dogman, Hackers, or High Life?
High Life is perfect!
Do you want to play the movie?
Nope, that's all I need.
Have a great day!
Find me a place to eat.
What city do you want me to look in?
Find a place to eat in San Fran.
What sort of food are you looking for? Say something like Indian, Italian or something else.
Freshwater fish type of food would be good.
I have 10 restaurants. Akiko's Sushi Bar is a nice restaurant in San Francisco.
Is liquor served? What is the contact number?
Their phone number is 415-989-8218. Alcohol is served.
That is good for me.
Would you like to reserve a table here?
Yes, please make me a reservation.
What time would you like the reservation for?
How about 13:30?
Please confirm your reservation for a table for 2 at Akiko's Sushi Bar in San Francisco for 1:30 pm on March 1st.
That sounds good to me. Is live music available? Are the prices inexpensive?
Your reservation was made. There is no live music and the price range is expensive.
I would love to watch a movie online now.
What sort of movies are you into?
Comic movies are good. I am into movies directed by Stanley Kubrick.
How about Dr. Strangelove?
Is anything else available?
I was not able to find any movies that match your preferences. Could I help with something else?
I would like to continue looking. Ghost movies are fun. I like movies where Michael Chaves is the director.
I have 1 movie that could be of interest to you. How about the Curse of La Llorona?
Curse of La Llorona is excellent.
Shall I play the movie?
No, not now. That is all for now.
Have a good one.
I'm looking for a restaurant in Healdsburg.
What kind of food would you like? American, Chinese or something else?
I would like some American food.
There are 5 restaurant in Healdsburg. Would you like Bear Republic Brewing Co?
No, can you find another restaurant?
There is Chalkboard located in Healdsburg.
Yes, please make a reservation.
What time would you like the reservation?
I would like to go around 19:00.
Booking a table for 2 at Chalkboard in Healdsburg at 7 pm on March 1st.
Yes, that is perfect.
Your reservation was made.
I would like to watch a Drama movie.
There are 10 movies. Do you like Dogman, Hackers or High Life?
Hackers is a good movie.
Do you want to play the movie?
No, that is all I needed.
Have a good day.
Fine me a restaurant to eat at.
What city do you want?
Find me a restaurant in Castro Valley.
What type of food do you like?
I would like some Thai food.
Search found 1 restaurant which is the Top Thai Cuisine in Castro Valley.
That is perfect.
Shall I make reservation for you?
Yes, book me a table.
What time do you want to eat?
I want to eat at twelve pm.
You want a table for 2 at the Top Thai Cuisine in Castro Valley at 12 pm on March 1st. Is that right?
No, I want eat there on the 6th of March.
You want to eat in Castro Valley on March 6th. Is that correct?
Yes, that is correct.
Your table has been booked.
Is there live entertainment.
They do not offer live entertainment.
Thanks a lot. Find me a movie to see on the Internet.
What genre of movies shall I search in?
I want to watch some Funny movies.
Search revealed 10 results. A Madea Family Funeral, Auntie Mame, and Dr. Strangelove are all available.
A Madea Family Funeral works for me. That is everything for now.
Have a great day.
I'm looking for a place to eat with Szcheuan food.
In what city?
San Fran. I'm looking for one that is budget priced.
There's Alice's in San Francisco that's suppose to be nice.
Are there others?
The Bamboo Restaurant in San Francisco is also highly rated.
What's the address?
1441 Polk Street.
Sounds good. I'd like a reservations.
For what time?
Afternoon 2 would be best.
Please verify: You would like a reservation for 2 at the Bamboo Restaurant in San Francisco at 2 pm on March 1st.
That is correct.
Sorry, I was unable to get that reservation. Can I do anything else?
Try again, make it for 17:15.
To confirm: you'd like a table for 2 at the Bamboo Restaurant in San Francisco at 5:15 pm on March 1st.
Yes, that's right.
Sorry I was unable to make the reservation. The Bamboo Restaurant is highly rated, would you like me to try a reservation for 2 at 5:30 pm March 1st?
Yes please do.
Your reservation is confirmed.
What is their phone number?
It's 415-775-3679.
Do they serve alcohol?
Yes they do.
Thank you! Right now I'd like to watch a comedy film on line. Something directed by Chris Butler.
I found 1 called Missing Link.
Missing Link is a great choice. I don't need anything else for now.
Have a great day.
I want to find a place to eat.
What city?
Milpitas.
What kind of food?
Pizza and Pasta.
Romano's Macaroni Grill is in Milpitas.
That is cool.
Are you ready to make a reservation?
Yes, I want it for 3 people on the 1st of this month at 11:30.
Please confirm, reservation for 3 at Romano's Macaroni Grill on March 1st at 11:30 am in Milpitas.
Yes. What is the address? What is the cost?
Your reservation is complete. The address is 110 Ranch Drive. Prices are moderate.
I want to watch drama movies directed by Laure de Clermont-Tonnerre.
The Mustang?
The Mustang is perfect.
Have a nice day.
Could you find me a place to eat that's not very costly?
What type of cuisine did you have in mind?
A Sushi Bar would be perfect.
Any particular city I should search in?
I'd like it in Rohnert Park.
There's a nice restaurant in Rohnert Park known as Honey Cuisine.
Do you have their phone number?
You can reach them by phone on 707-795-9700.
Cool, I like that.
Should I go ahead and reserve a table?
Yes, please reserve a table.
For what time should I make the reservation?
Please reserve it for 7 in the evening.
Okay. Please confirm that you'd like to reserve a table for 2 at Honey Cuisine in Rohnert Park, for 7 pm on March 1st.
That is correct.
I have successfully made your reservation.
Okay, thanks. Now please find me a movie to watch online, preferably one directed by Chris Butler.
Any particular movie genre you prefer?
Please find me Drama movies, but those directed by Garth Davis.
Mary Magdalene is 1 movie you may like.
Mary Magdalene is very good.
Should I go ahead and play the movie?
No, I'm not interested in doing so right away. That will be all.
Thank you, and do have yourself a wonderful day!
Can you help me find somewhere to eat?
Sure, what city are you looking in and what type of cuisine are you in the mood for. There's Indian, Chinese, or anything else you'd like.
Search for Oriental food in San Jose.
Okay, I found 10 places in San Jose that may work. How about China Garden Restaurant?
Do they serve alcohol?
They don't serve alcohol.
Well that's okay. Make a reservation for 12:30 in the afternoon.
I'll do that as soon as you confirm you'd like a table for 2 at China Garden Restaurant in San Jose for March 1st at 12:30 pm.
Yes, that's correct.
I've made your reservation.
Thanks, while I'm waiting will you find me a musical to watch that's directed by Max Minghella?
There's 1 called Teen Spirit, does that work?
Teen Spirit is perfect, I'll keep that in mind for later. That's all for now.
Enjoy, have a great day.
I am fed up of cooking. I want to eat out.
In which city? What type of cuisine? Mexican? Italian? Something else?
I am in the mood for some Persian food. I am in Oakland.
For Oakland, Dyafa is an excellent choice.
Can you recommend somewhere else where the food is low priced?
There is 1 such restaurant located in Oakland. Marhaba Indian & Pakistani Halal cuisine should suit you.
Yes, it would. Make me a reservation.
For what time?
For 11:45 in the morning.
You would like a table for 2 at Marhaba Indian & Pakistani Halal Cuisine in Oakland for 11:45 am on March 1st?
That would be great. Is there live music and where is it located?
The address is 1437 Franklin street. There is not live music. My apologies, but I was not able to make the reservation. You would like a table for 2 at Marhaba Indian & Pakistani Halal Cuisine in Oakland for 11:30 am on March 1st?
That would be fine.
I have made the reservation
Thanks a lot. I want to see an online movie.
What type of movie would you like to see?
A documentary should do it.
Knock down the house and the invisibles are options.
I want to see knock down the house.
You want to view the movie?
No way. That would be all.
Enjoy your day.
I would like to find a restaurant that's not very costly please.
What type of food would you like? How about Italian or Indian? And in what city please?
I'd like a Ramen place in SFO.
I have 10 restaurants which fit your needs. How about 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco?
What else do you have?
Also in San Francisco, I have Ace Wasabi Rock-n-Roll Sushi.
May I have another suggestion please?
Sure. Akira Japanese Restaurant is another good San Francisco option.
I like that one. Can you book a table for one at 13:30 on the 13th of this month?
Confirming a reservation for 1 on March 13th at 1:30 pm at Akira Japanese Restaurant in San Francisco.
Sounds great, thank you.
The reservation is complete.
Can you give me the phone number and address?
Sure. It's 1634 Bush Street, 415-800-8498.
Great. Also, I want to find a romance film to watch, something in the vein of Cameron Crowe.
I have 1 suggestion for you. Would you like to see Say Anything?
Definitely. I would love to watch Say Anything. That will do it for me.
Thank you very much.
Can you help me find somewhere to eat in San Fran?
Sure, what kind of food would you like? Indian, Mexican, or something else?
I think Himalayan food sounds good.
I found a total of 5 restaurants matching your request. How about Cuisine of Nepal Restaurant in San Francisco?
Sure, that sounds good. I'd like to make a reservation there.
What time should the reservation be for?
I'd like it to be at two in the afternoon.
Okay, so you would like to make a reservation for 2 people at Cuisine of Nepal Restaurant in San Francisco for 2 pm on March 1st, is that correct?
Sure, that sounds great/
Sorry, I wasn't able to make a reservation for that time. Is there anything else you need?
Can you try making a reservation for 6 o"clock in the evening instead?
Okay, so you would like to make a reservation for 2 people at Cuisine of Nepal Restaurant in San Francisco for 6 pm on March 1st, is that correct?
Yes, that sounds right.
I was able to successfully make your reservation this time.
Great! Now I'd like to find a movie to watch online.
What genre of movie were you thinking?
I'd like to find a comedy directed by Robert Budreau.
I found 1 movie you might like. How about the movie Stockholm?
Stockholm sound perfect/
Should I play the movie for you?
No, I don't want to do that right now.
Okay, can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all for now.
Alright, enjoy your day.
I would like a place that is low priced to eat.
Which city and food are you looking for?
I would like some Filipino food in San Bruno.
There is San Bruno in Cabalen.
Would you suggest another restaurant?
I would like Kuya's Asian Cuisine in San Bruno.
Yes, that is great to reserve March 14th for 3 people.
What is the time of the reservation.
I'd like it at 18:30.
Please confirm Kuya's Asian Cuisine in San Bruno for 6:30 pm on March 14th for 3.
Yes, that will be fine for me.
The reservation is a success.
I would like to watch a movie directed by Max Minghella.
Which type of movies do you like?
I would like musical movies.
What do you think about Teen Spirit?
Would there be anything else?
I didn't find any movies to your preference. What else can I do for you?
No thanks for everything.
Have a wonderful day.
I need to find a restaurant.
In which city and what type of food do you want?
I'm looking for some yummy Oriental food in Burlingame.
Barracuda Japanese Restaurant is one of 4 options in Burlingame.
Is liquor served there? What's their direct line?
No alcohol is served. Their direct line is 650-548-0300.
Yes. That's correct.
Do you want me to make a reservation?
Yes. Please make a reservation for 7 pm on the 4th of this month.
Please confirm you want me to make a reservation for 2 at the Barracuda Japanese Restaurant in Burlingame at 7 pm on March 4th.
That sounds amazing.
Your reservation was a success.
What is their address and are they in the lavish price range?
They are in the moderate price range and located at 347 Primrose Road.
Thanks. Can you help me find an online movie?
What kind of movie?
I'm looking for an Adventure movie directed by David Sandberg.
Shazam! is 1 movie you might like.
Shazam sounds great!
Should I play the movie?
No. That will be all.
Okay. Please have a great day.
I have small plan to eat outside and I am looking for some nice places. Can you help me to find the one?
Do you have any particular City in your mind to search for and also let me know your interested variety of food so that I can search places that match to your taste.
I want to search for the places with Coffeehouse food in Oakland.
Found a restaurant name Homestead which the best place in Oakland for your desired type of food.
I need something else. Please change the food category to Noodles and search for the nice restaurants.
What about Becky's which is the nice one in Oakland. Hope you like it.
yes, I think so. Please get me their contact information and also check whether they have live Music there?
No, they do not have live music there and their contact number is 510-601-9888. Is that okay.
I need to search some other restaurants, can you do it for me?
What about a restaurant name Fortune Restaurant in Oakland. You will definitely like it I think.
Yes, please reserve for a table at 5:30 pm in that restaurant.
Please confirm to book a table for 2 at Fortune Restaurant in Oakland on March 1st at 5:30 pm.
That is correct. Go ahead. Also I need some more details. Can you check about the prices offered by them and do they have any liquor supply?
Yes, They have liquor supply and the prices are moderate range. Your booking was confirmed successfully.
Thank you so much and again I need a favor from you. Search for nice movies to watch online.
Let me know your desired category.
Search for some Comedy type of movies.
What about your choice among A Madea Family Funeral, Auntie Mame or Dr. Strangelove?
Dr. Strangelove is good and thanks. That's all I want.
Have a great day.
I would like to look for a place where I could eat. I will meet my friend there.
Which city do you prefer to eat?
I will be needing one located in Mountain View.
What kind of food do you prefer to eat?
My friend loves Sushi, so please look for a restaurant that sells them.
There is a Japanese restaurant called Bushido in Mountain View.
That's good to hear. Can you make a reservation on March 9th for two people and make it evening 7.
Please do confirm the following details; reservation in Bushido at Mountain View will be made for 7 pm for 2 persons on March 9th.
Yes, everything is good.
Booking is confirmed.
Thanks!Also help me to find a movie with animation. I like movies directed by Dean DeBlois.
I found 1 movie that you might like, do you like How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World?
Oh yes, I want to see How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World.
Shall I play it now?
Maybe later. I am busy right now.
Do you need help with anything else?
No,that would be all. Thank you!
Have a great day!
My friend's birthday is coming up and I want to find a really nice restaurant for us to go to, something expensive and memorable. So, would you help me set that up, please?
I'll be happy to help you with that. Tell me the city you want for the restaurant.
See what's available in St. Helena.
And, what's your choice for the type of food you want?
His favorite food is Barbecue, so let's go for that.
Okay. Do you think you might like the Archetype restaurant in St. Helena?
That sounds like a totally nice choice. Let's make a move on reserving a table there for Wednesday next week, please.
What time do you want the dinner reservation?
Set the time for 7:45 pm when we'll both be off work.
Setting that up for you now. Would you like to confirm a table for 2 guests at the Archetype restaurant in St. Helena on March 6th at 7:45 pm?
Oh, that date needs to be changed to the 9th, please. And make the reservation for 1 person. My friend's text says he'll have to work late.
All right. Do you want to confirm a table reservation for 1 person on March 9th?
Well, now. his new text says he can go and he wants to bring his sister. The more the merrier, right? So, it looks like we'll need the table for three persons.
Okay. Are you confirming a table reservation for 3 persons at 7:45 pm?
Yes, that's fine. Is liquor on tap there?
No alcohol is served at the restaurant, and there seems to be no reservation available at the Archetype for the time you want. Would it be okay to set up a table for 3 on March 9th at 7:30 pm?
Oh, yeah. We can make that work.
Your restaurant reservation is confirmed.
Thanks so much. Now, I'm thinking I can unwind a little with a nice online movie, if you would be so kind as to recommend one.
What's the movie genre you want?
A Drama would be something I could really get into right now.
Sure. I show 10 films available. Would you like to see Dogman, Hackers or High Life?
Is there another film available?
What do you think about Little Woods, Mary Magdalene or Ramen Shop?
Let's do Mary Magdalene.
I'll take care of that for you. Enjoy the movie.
I am looking for restaurants.
What city and what kind like American or Mexican?
Santa Clara and I want Szcheuan.
I found 5. In Santa Clara is Chef Ming's.
Do they have liquor?
They do not have liquor.
I like that one.
Do you want a table?
Yes, book me a table.
What time would you like?
Book for one pm.
Confirm Chef Ming's in Santa Clara for March 1st for 2 at 1 pm.
That is good, is the price moderate?
Your are booked and yes it is moderate.
I want to watch an online movie.
What genre do you like?
I want to watch a romance.
I have 5. How about After, Pillow Talk for Say Anything?
I like Pillow talk.
Have a great day.
I am looking for restaurants.
What city and what kind for example American or Chinese?
San Francisco and I want Basque.
In San Francisco, I have Esperpento Restaurant.
I would like to go there.
Do you want a table?
Yes, next Tuesday at 10:45 am.
Confirm Esperpento Restaurant in San Francisco for March 5th at 10:45 am for 2.
Yes I confirm and what is the address and contact?
Sorry, no available times for that request.
How about evening 7:30 on 6th of March?
Confirm Esperpento Restaurant in San Francisco for March 6th at 7:30 pm for 2.
Yes I confirm all.
You are now confirmed.
Now I want to watch a movie online.
What genre do you like?
I like Rom-com movies.
I found 5. How about After, Pillow Talk or Say Anything?
Say Anything is good.
Thanks and have a good day.
Help me find a place to eat.
What city would you like to look in? And do you have a food preference?
I want to look in Milpitas, and I want something that's like Fondue. That would be great.
There's a nice place called Shabu House in Milpitas.
Where are they located and do they have liquor?
They are located at 1191 East Calaveras Boulevard and they do not have alcohol.
Okay, that sounds like something I would enjoy.
Do you want me to book a table?
Yeah, please do. Book it for the 7th of this month for 2 people at 6:30 in the evening.
Okay, I'll book you a table for 2 at Shabu House in Milpitas on March 7th at 6:30 pm, is that correct?
Yes, that's correct. What are their prices like and what's their phone number?
I booked you the table. They have moderate prices and you can reach them at 408-262-7888.
Thanks so much. Now let's look for movies to watch online, I prefer something directed by Harry Elfont.
Is there a type of movie you prefer?
I really dig Funny movies.
I found 1 movie you might enjoy. How about Josie and the Pussycats?
the Pussycats movie is terrific.
Would you like me to start that movie?
No, don't start it. That's it for now.
Alright, take care.
I am hungry! Where can I eat?
In what city? What kind of food do you want?
Some Latin American food. Look in San Leandro.
I found 7 restaurants. Chili's Grill & Bar is in San Leandro.
What's the number and address?
The number is 510-317-0323. The address is 15555 East 14th Street suite 366.
Could you find another place? Chili's isn't latin food!
El Torito serves latin food in San Leandro.
Look for another restaurant. Search in Half Moon Bay.
I found 1 restaurant you may like. Spanishtown Mexican Restaurant serves Mexican food in Half Moon Bay.
Yes, I've heard good things.
Do you want to book a table?
Yes, please do.
What time is it for?
Make it for 1 at 7:30 in the evening.
Please confirm the following reservation details: Booking a table for 1 at Spanishtown Mexican Restaurant in Half Moon Bay on March 1st at 7:30 pm.
Yes, that works. How expensive is it?
Your reservation was successful! Their price range is considered moderate.
Do they have live music.
They do not.
Thank you for the reservation.
Can I help you with something else?
I want to watch a film online. I like films directed by Cameron Crowe.
What kind of films do you like?
Rom-com films are great.
How about Say Anything?
Say Anything is a good pick.
Do you want to watch it?
No, that's all I wanted
Have a great day!
I am in search ofa place to eat.
What city do I need to look in and what sort of food would you like to eat?
Please search in Redwood city for Sushi.
Otoko Sushi is a nice restaurant in Redwood City.
Is alcohol served? Is live music available?
There is no live music or alcohol.
What about another restaurant, perhaps one in Los Altos?
I have 1 restaurant in Los Altos that fits the criteria. Sumo Sushi Boat is a nice restaurant.
That is good for me.
Do you want to reserve a table here?
Yes, please.
What time will the reservation be for?
Make it for 12:45 pm.
Would you confirm that you want to book at Sumo Sushi BOat in Los Altos at 12:45 pm on March 1st? This reservation will be for 2 people.
That is fine for me. Is alcohol served? Where is it located?
They are located at 355 State Street. No, alcohol is not served there. Would you like to try to reserve for 2 people at Sumo Sushi Boat on March 1st at 1 pm.
Okay, that is good.
Your reservation was a success.
Thank you so much. Find me a movie to watch online. Movies directed by David Sandberg are good.
What sort of movies are your favorite?
I like adventure movies.
How about Shazam!?
Yeah, Shazam is a good one. That is it for now.
Have a great day.
Can you help me find somewhere nearby to eat?
What type of food would you like? Maybe Italian, American, or something else?
I think some Ramen sounds good.
What city should the restaurant be in?
I want to go somewhere in Windsor.
I found 1 restaurant that matches your search. How about Qimura Sushi & Ramen in Windsor?
Sure, that sounds good.
Is there anything else you need?
I'd like to make a reservation there for two people.
What time would you like to eat?
I'd like something at five in the evening.
Alright, so you would like a reservation for 2 people at Qimura Sushi & Ramen in Windsor on March 1st at 5 pm. Is that correct?
No, I'd like to make it for 3 people.
Okay, so you'd like a reservation for 3 people at 5 pm, is that correct?
Yeah that's good.
Your reservation is confirmed.
Cool, I'd like to watch a movie online now.
What genre of movie are you looking for?
I'd like to watch something violent.
I have 2 suggestions for you. How about Ash Is Purest White or Blackmail - Cinemix Par Chloe?
Blackmail - Cinemix Par Chloe sounds good. That's all for now.
Alright, have a great day!
I want to go out and eat somewhere.
In which city?
In walnut creek.
Are you interested in Chinese, Indian or anything else?
I am in the mood for diner food.
There are 7 suitable restaurants walnut creek. A'trio is an exceptional choice.
That would be great. I want a table for four on march 4th at afternoon 12.
You would like a table for 4 at A'trio in Walnut creek for 12 pm on March 4th.
That would be great.
I have made the reservation.
I want to see an online movie.
What genre of movie?
A romance movie.
There are 5 suitable movies. Would you like to see after, pillow talk or say anything?
Is there any other movie?
How about The visitor or viva las vegas?
Not really. I would really want to see a sports movie directed by stephen merchant.
There is 1 movie: fighting with my family.
Fighting with family is what I had in mind. That would be all.
Enjoy your day.
Hello! Can you help me find a restaurant?
I'd be happy to help. Where would you like to begin the search and what type of cuisine are you hungry for?
I'd like to find a restaurant in Petaluma that serves a great Burrito.
There is a great taqueria in Petaluma called the Plaza Tequila Taqueira Bar & Grill.
That would be great. Can you make a reservation for 12 o"clock in the afternoon on the 4th of this month?
You'd like a table for 2 at Plaza Tequila Taqueira Bar & Grill in Petaluma for 12 pm on March 4th. Is this correct?
Yes, that is correct.
Congratulations. Your table has been reserved.
Great. Can you help me find a movie to watch online?
Certainly. What genre would you like to view?
I really like Drama.
May I suggest Dogman, Hackers, or High Life?
I'd love to see Dogman. That will be all for now. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Can you help me find some moderate price range asian food to eat?
What city would you like to eat in?
I am looking for something in Redwood City.
In Redwood City, there is a great restaurant called Crouching Tiger Restaurant.
That sounds like a great place to eat at.
Should I reserve a table for you there?
Yes please, could you make a reservation for 3 at about half past 7 in the evening on the 1st of March?
Yes, could you confirm that you want a table reserved for 3 at the Redwood City Crouching Tiger Restaurant at 7:30 PM, March 1st?
Yes, that is what I would like.
Okay then, the reservation was made just now.
Could you also find me a movie on the internet?
Which movie type sounds best?
I am int he mood for a drama movie.
Which movie sounds best of these three, Dogman, Hackers, or the movie High Life?
How about a Ghost movie like the ones that Michael Chaves directed?
I did find 1 movie, The Curse of La Llorona, does that sound okay with you?
The Curse of La Llorona would be a great pick, thanks, and I do not need anything else.
Okay, see you later!
Find me a restaurant.
What city are you interested in?
I want a place to eat in San Fran.
What type of food do you want?
I am looking for some Fish.
Search revealed 10 results. Akiko's Sushi Bar is in San Francisco.
What else do you have?
Alamo Square Seafood Grill is also in San Francisco.
That is good. Make a reservation for evening 5:30 on the 3rd.
You want a reservation for 2 people at Alamo Square Seafood Grill in San Francisco for 5:30 pm on March 3rd. Is that right?
That is correct.
Your booking is complete.
Thanks a lot. Find me a Comic movie directed by Morton DaCosta to watch online.
Do you like Auntie Mame?
Auntie Mame works for me. That is all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
I am in a nice mood and I want to enjoy some special food out side and for which I need your help to find some nice place to eat.
Do you have any preferred category of food and any particular City in your mind to search for?
Yes, I like to have Punjabi Food and please search for the same in San Jose.
How about a restaurant named 8elements in San Jose?
Please check whether they will offer live music there?
No, they do not have that offer. What else you need?
Get me the price details and contact number to decide to proceed further.
The offer food at moderate prices. Their contact number is 408-270-2578. Do think this information will be useful to you?
Yes, but I need to search for some other places, can you help me to find the best one?
How about Amber India? which is also a nice restaurant in San Jose? Do you like it?
Yes, I like the same.
Do you want me to reserve a table in that restaurant now?
Yes, do it for me.
At what time you need to reserve the table?
Book it at 1:30 pm.
Please give your confirmation to book a table for 2 at Amber India in San Jose on March 1st for the time 1:30 pm.
Change it to 4th of this month.
Okay, give your final confirmation to book the restaurant in San Jose on March 4th.
That is confirmed to proceed and get their address for my reference.
I have confirmed your table there and the address is 377 Santana Row #1140.
Please also check for the price range is average priced?
No, it is expensive there.
That is all right. I want to watch movies online for which I need you to find some nice movies directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
Do you like to watch the movies in any particular genre?
Yes, I like to watch Violent movies.
How about the 1 named Blackmail - Cinemix Par Chloe?
Blackmail - Cinemix Par Chloe is the nice movie.
Shall I play it now for you?
No, not now. That's all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
I need a restaurant.
What city and what kind of food?
Palo Alto and Southern food.
In Palo Alto I have one called Bazille.
Make a reservation for me.
What time would you like?
Half past 6 in the evening.
Confirm Bazille in Palo Alto at 6:30 pm on March 1st for 2.
Yes I confirm all.
You are now confirmed.
I want to see a romance movie online by Michael Gordon.
I have 1 called Pillow Talk.
I want to see Pillow Talk.
Do you want to start?
Do not start yet.
Is there anything else?
That is all I need.
Have a great day.
Can you find me a place to eat?
What is your preferred city and category like Mexican, Indian or anything else?
Search for the restaurant in Palo Alto which some serves Asian Fusion kind of food.
There are 3 restaurant that you may like. One is called Burma Ruby Burmese Cuisine located in Palo Alto.
can you check whether they serve liquor?
No. Alcohol is not served there.
Can you check whether they have live music?
No, Live Music is not there.
Okay, That sounds great. can you help me in making a reservation at the restaurant at 6:30 in the evening?
Please confirm: You want me to make a reservation for 2 people at Burma Ruby Burmese Cuisine located in Palo Alto on March 1st at 6:30 pm.
Yes, That is correct.
I have successfully made your reservation.
Thank you! Can you find me a movie directed by Neil Burger to watch online?
What is your preferred category of the movie?
Find me some comic movies.
I found 1 nice movie. What do you think of The Upside?
The Upside sounds good to me.
Would you like to play the movie for you?
No. Please don't play the movie now.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. That will be all. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day.
I want to find a Pasta restaurant please.
What city would you like?
I want something in Petaluma that's affordable.
How about Brixx Pizzeria in Petaluma?
That should work.
Shall I make reservations for you?
Yes, please do.
For what time?
For 6:30 in the evening please.
Confirming a table for 2 on March 1st at Brixx Pizzeria in Petaluma at 6:30 pm.
Yes, that's right.
Your table has been booked.
Do they have alcohol and live music, do you know?
They don't serve alcohol but they do have live music.
Thank you. I also want to find a movie to see, a Comic movie like a Tina Gordon film.
I have 1 movie which might work, which is the film Little.
I'd like to see Little.
Shall I play that now?
No, not right this minute.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not now, no.
Very well, thank you.
I am searching for a place to eat.
What type of food you want and do you have any city preference that i should search in?
Parisian type of food is okay for me and i want it in san Fran city.
I searched 10 restaurant. One of them is Amelie San Francisco which is located at San Francisco and this is a nice restaurant.
Can you tell me about any other restaurant. Price is not a preference for me.
I searched 9 restaurant. One of them is Aquitaine Wine Bar & Bistro which is located at San Francisco and this is a nice restaurant.
Fine. this is perfect for me.
Do you want to book a table here?
Okay. i like to make a reservation.
Can you tell me the booking time?
Do it at half past 5 in the evening.
Please give confirmation details: Reserving table at Aquitaine Wine Bar & Bistro in San Francisco on march 1st at 5:30 pm and booikng is for 2 people.
This is perfect for me. Are they serve liquor?
Sorry, I could not make a booking. Do you need any other help?
I like to try booking again. please make it at morning 11:30.
Please give confirmation details: Booking table for 2 people at Aquitaine Wine Bar & Bistro in San Francisco at 11:30 am on March 1st
This is okay for me. Can i know the address?
Your booking has been confirmed. 175 Sutter Street is the street address.
Thank you so much. I like to find a movie to watch online. For me Drama movies are great.
Do you interested in Dogman, Hackers or High Life?
I like Funny movies directed by Robert Budreau. Anything else?
What is your opinion about Stockholm?
Do you need anything more?
I could not search movies of your choice, anything else can i help you?
You please try again with movies directed by Morton DaCosta
What is your opinion about Auntie Mame?
Auntie Mame is so good.
Any more help you need?
No, thanks a lot.
Have a great day.
I'm looking for a restaurant in Petaluma.
What kind of food would you like?
I would like some American food.
There are 6 restaurants in Petaluma. Do you like Bistro 100?
What is their phone number? Do they have live music?
They do not have live music and their phone number is 707-981-8228.
Yes, that works for me.
Would you like to book a table?
I would like a table for 12:30 pm on the 2nd of March for 3 people.
Booking a table for 3 at Bistro 100 in Petaluma at 12:30 pm on March 2nd.
Yes, that works for me.
Your reservation was made.
I would like to find a movie to watch.
What kind of movies would you like?
Love story would be good.
There is After, Pillow Talk or Say Anything.
Pillow Talk is a good movie.
Do you want me to play the movie?
No, I just wanted the information.
What else can I help with?
That is all thank you.
Have a good day.
Help me find a reasonably priced place to eat.
Is there a certain kind of food you want?
I'm really in the mood for Peruvian food.
What city would you like to look in?
Look for a place in Oakland.
There are 2 matches. There's a nice place called La Furia Chalaca in Oakland.
Give me their phone number.
You can call them at 510-451-4206.
And where are they located? Also, do they feature live music?
They're located at 310 Broadway and they do have live music.
Okay, that sounds ideal.
Do you want me to book you a table?
Yes, book me a table for four people on March 10th at 12:30 pm.
I'll book you a table for 4 people at La Furia Chalaca in Oakland on March 10th at 12:30 pm, is that correct?
Yeah, book it.
I was not able to make the reservation, do you need me to do anything else?
Let's try another time. Book a table for 1 person on March 6th at 6:30 pm.
I'll book you a table for 1 person at La Furia Chalaca in Oakland on March 6th at 6:30 pm, is that correct?
Yeah, let's try that.
I've booked you the table.
Now I want find a movie online.
What types of movies are you interested in?
I'm a big fan of Suspense movies.
There are 2 movies you might enjoy. There's Hotel Mumbai and Pet Sematary.
I like Hotel Mumbai. Okay, that's all I need from you.
Have a pleasant day.
I want to find a costly place to eat.
What kind of food? What city?
Barbecue in SF.
1760 in San Francisco.
Anything else?
25 Lusk is a cool place in San Francisco.
Yes, that is great.
Are you ready to reserve a table.
Yes, make a reservation for 3 people Tuesday next week at evening 7:45.
Please confirm, reservation for 3 at 25 Lusk in San Francisco on March 5th at 7:45 pm.
Cool, what is the address?
The address is 25 Lusk Street. I wasn't able to make that reservation. Should I try for 3 people 7:30 pm on March 5th at 25 Lusk?
That is good.
Your reservation is complete.
Thank you, I want to watch a biographical movie now.
There are 4 movie like Breakthrough, JT LeRoy, or Searching for Sugar Man?
Is there anything else?
I want to see Shine A Light?
Shine A Light is cool. Thanks!
Have a nice day.
Hi, could you help me search for a place to eat? Would prefer one which is economical priced and has live music.
Any preference on the type of food and location of the restaurant?
Some diner food located in San Fran will be great for me.
There are 7 restaurants, and one of which is Biscuits & Blues which is located in San Francisco.
Are there any alternative restaurants I can visit?
Yes, how about Hard Rock Cafe in San Francisco?
May I have their address and contact number please?
You can contact them at 415-956-2013 and visit them at 39 Pier #256.
Are there any alternative restaurants?
Sure, there is Mr. Tipple's Recording Studio at San Francisco.
This works for me, thanks!
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Sure, please do so, thanks!
What time do you intend to dine in?
I will be dining in at 7 in the evening.
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 2 people at Mr. Tipple's Recording Studio in San Francisco at 7 pm on March 1st.
Sure, this is fine with me.
Your reservation has been made!
Do you know if they serve any liquor?
Yes, they do.
Thank you. Could you also help me search for nice Drama movies to watch online?
Do you prefer Dogman, Hackers or High Life?
Are there any alternatives? I would prefer Sports movies directed by Stephen Merchant.
There is 1 movie which you might like, which is Fighting with My Family?
Fighting with My Family sounds great! That is all the help I need, thank you!
Sure, have a nice day ahead!
I would like to find someone where to eat please.
I can help you with that. What city would you like to dine in and what kind of food are you hungry for?
Can you find restaurants that serve brunch in Oakland?
I have located 5 restaurants in Oakland that matches what you want. How about Bellanico Restaurant And Wine Bar?
Yes, that would be fine, can you reserve a table for me?
Yes I can would you like for me to reserve your table for?
Can you get something for the afternoon 12:15?
Okay, so that was reservations for 2 on March 1st at Bellanico Restaurant And Wine Bar in Oakland for 12:15 pm, is that right?
Yes, that is correct.
I am sorry but the only time slot available for March 1st for 2 people at Bellanico Restaurant And Wine Bar is at 12:30 pm, will that work for you?
Yes that would be fine.
Okay, your table has been successfully reserved.
What is the the price range for this restaurant?
The price range is moderate.
Great, can you also help me find a movie?
Sure what kind of movie would you like to see?
I would really like to see a drama film please.
How about Dogman, Hackers or High Life?
I would like to see High Life.
Did you want me to play the movie now for you?
No that would not be necessary, I am good for today. Thank you.
Have a great day!
Hi. Can you help me find a moderate priced place to eat in Santa Rosa?
Sure, what kind of food do you like to eat?
I really enjoy southern food.
I have located 7 southren food restaurants in Santa Rosa. How about Belly Left Coast Kitchen & Taproom?
No, not that one. Does any of those restaurants sell alcohol?
I have Bruno's On fourth in Santa Rosa.
Can I have the phone number, and do you know if they play live music?
No, they don't perform live music. The address is 1226 4th Street.
Great, that sounds like what I am looking for.
Would you need me to make your reservations?
Yes please and thank you.
Do you have a time preference?
Yes, I would like something for 2, 6:45 in the evening please.
Okay, so you would like reservations for 2 on March 1st at Bruno's On Fourth in Santa Rosa at 6:45 pm?
No I am sorry, I meant to say reservations for four people on the 4th of this month.
That's okay. So you would like to change the date to March 4th and instead of a table for 2 you will need a table for 4, is that right?
Yes that is correct, also can I have the phone number to the restaurant?
The phone number to the restaurant is 707-569-8222, and I am sorry, however Bruno's On Fourth only has a table for 4 on March 4th available for 6:30 pm, would that be okay?
Yes that will be fine.
Great! I have successfully completed your reservations.
Thank you. Can you help me find a good movie to watch?
Sure what kind of movie would you like to see?
What good drama movies do you see?
Would you be interested in watching Dogman, Hackers or High Life?
I would like to see Hackers!
Would you like for me to start the movie for you?
No, not right now.
Did you need my help with anything else?
No that will be all. Thanks
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy your meal. Bye
Can you please find a budget restaurant in Windsor please?
Sure, what type of cuisine do you prefer?
I'd go for an American restaurant.
There's a nice Mcdonald's in Windsor.
Can you please give me their phone number and also please tell me if they have live musci.
You can reach them at 707-837-0446 and they do have live music.
That sounds perfect.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Let's go ahead and book a table there.
Sure, for when?
For 11:15 in the morning, please.
Can you please confirm that you want me to book a table for 2 on March 1st at 11:15 am at Mcdonald's in Windsor?
Yes, that's correct.
Unfortunately I wasn't able to get you the reservation to Mcdonald's. I can try to book a table for 2 on March 1st at 11 am.
Yes, please do.
I've successfully placed your reservation.
Thanks a lot. Now let's find a movie that I can watch online.
Sure, what type of movie.
A drama would be awesome.
There are 10 movies which I think you will like. How about High Life, Hackers or Dogman.
I'd go for something else. Try and find me some Scary movies directed by Michael Chaves.
Do you think you'd like The Curse of La Llorona?
Actually The Curse of La Llorona is awesome!
Do you want me to play it for you?
No, not at the moment.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you.
Have a nice day.
I am looking for a place to eat with some Tacos kind of food in San Fran.
I located 10 restaurants. Arguello is located in San Francisco and is a nice restaurant.
That works. I would like a reservation for the restaurant on March 10th at 1:30 in the afternoon.
Can you confirm the following details. I will reserve 1 table for 2 people at Arguello in San Francisco for March 10th at 1:30 pm.
Yes that is correct.
I have successfully made the reservation.
I would like to watch a movie online. I prefer movies directed by Ronald Neame.
What type of movies do you prefer?
An Adventure movie would be awesome.
I fine 1 move you might like. How about The Poseidon Adventure?
The Poseidon Adventure sounds good. That was all I needed.
Enjoy your day.
I'm looking for new restaurants.
Sure, what kind of food and what city. You can give me suggestions like Chinese or Mexican.
Let's do Korean Barbeque in SF.
There's Aato in San Francisco.
Sure, make me a reservation for two on the 1st of March at a quarter past 11 in the morning.
Will do, but please confirm you'd like a table for 2 at Aato in San Francisco on March 1st at 11:15 am.
Perfect, thank you.
Sorry, that didn't work. Can I get you a table for 2 at Aato for March 1st at 11:30 am instead?
Yes, that's just fine.
I made your reservation.
Is there alcohol there?
Yes, they serve alcohol.
Thanks, can you stream a movie for me?
What movies do you like?
I want an adventure movie.
How about Captain Marvel, Shazam! or The Poseidon Adventure?
I love Poseidon Adventure. That's all for now, thanks.
Have a good rest of your day.
Have you a list of restaurants offering good food? I want to take food from outside.
Which city are you looking for?
I prefer South San Francisco.
What cuisine will satisfy you, Italian, Indian or any like that?
I prefer Mediterranean kind.
There are 2 good hotels offering such food. one is Ali Baba in South San Francisco.
Do you have their phone number and details of tariff?
Phone number is 650-871-2221. it is inexpensive.
Are there any better restaurants?
Amoura is a nice one in South San Francisco.
That's all. Thank you.
Shall I book a table for you?
Please make a reservation for three people at quarter past 5 in the evening.
Please confirm, one table at Amoura in South San Francisco at 5:15 pm on March 1st for 3 people.
Great. Could we enjoy live music there?
They do not provide live music. The reservation failed. Do you need reservation at Amoura for 3 people on March 1st 5 pm?
That is found ok.
Reservation is done.
Thanks a lot. Now find me a movie to watch online.
What kind of movies will you please?
I prefer Fantasy movies.
Then you choose from 4 movies available, Dumbo, Hellboy, Mad Max: Fury Road. Which one do you choose?
Please select Dumbo.
Can I play it now?
No , not now. Thanks a lot.
Have a great day.
I want to find a nice place to eat.
What city would you like?
In sunnyvale would be great.
What type of food would you like? Maybe Indian, Mexican, or something else?
I really want some Mediterranean food.
What do you like about Obed in Sunnyvale it is highly rated? if you would prefer something else I have 2 options for you.
That sounds great. I need a lunch reservation on the 2nd of March 11:30 am.
Just to make sure youwould like a table for 2 people at Obed in Sunnyvale at 11:30 am on March 2nd.
Yes that is perfect.
Your table is booked.
Do they serve beer? Is it a AFFORADABLE?
They are priced moderate. They are a nonalcoholic restaurant.
Thanks I want to see a movie online.
What type of movie would you like?
I would like a Detective movie simliar to those directed by Brian De Palma.
How about Body Double?
Body Double sounds awesome.
IS there anything else I can help with?
No. That will be all
Have a great day!
I am looking to grab a Quick Meal somewhere.
What city should I search in?
San Francisco.
I found Golden Gate Indian Cuisine & Pizza in San Francisco.
What is their phone number? Do they serve liquor?
415-564-5514. They do serve alcohol!
Could you suggest anymore affordable restaurants?
I found 5 additional restaurants. How about Jackson Fillmore Trattoria in San Francisco?
That sounds good. I want to make a reservation for 1 Sunday this week at 7:30 in the evening.
Please confirm your reservation: Reservation for 1 person at Jackson Fillmore Trattoria in San Francisco on March 3rd at 7:30 pm.
Yes that works. What's the address?
Sorry I wasn't able to make the reservation. Is there anything else I can assist with?
Try booking again but next Monday.
Please confirm your reservation: Reservation for 1 person at Jackson Fillmore Trattoria in San Francisco on March 4th at 7:30 pm.
Yes. Do they serve liquor?
Your reservation was successful! They do not serve alcohol.
I want to find a fantasy movie online.
How about Dumbo, Hellboy or Mad Max: Fury Road?
Dumbo sounds good.
Play the movie?
Not right now. That is all.
Have a good day.
Hi there, are there any nice restaurants located in Berkeley? I am starving.
Any preference on the type of food you would like to eat?
Something on the lines of Ethiopian food is great.
I have found 4 restaurants, one of which is the Addis Restaurant which is located in Berkeley.
Sure, this sounds great. Could you make a reservation for 1 person at 1:30 pm there?
Please confirm your reservation for 1 person at Addis Restaurant in Berkeley at 1:30 pm on March 1st.
Sure, thank you!
Your reservation has been made.
Could you also help me reserve a taxi ride there?
Sure, any preference on the type of ride?
I would prefer a pool ride, thanks!
Will you intend to travel to 6100 Telegraph Avenue?
Of course, I would prefer a Luxury ride though.
Please confirm your booking for 1 seats on the Luxury ride to 6100 Telegraph Avenue.
Sure, may I know how long does it take for the taxi to reach me?
Your booking has been made and will be reaching you in 8 minutes.
Sure, thanks for your kind assistance.
No worries! Do you need any further help?
No, that is all I need. Thank you so much!
Sure, have an enjoyable meal.
I'd like to find a place to eat.
What type of food were you looking for?
Some German food sounds perfect.
In what city should I look in?
I'd like to find something in San Jose.
I found a nice restaurant Ludwig's German Table in San Jose.
What is the address of the place and do they have live music?
They are located at 261 North 2nd Street and they don't have live music.
Yes, that sounds good to me.
Would you like to book a table here?
Yes, I'd like to make a reservation for March 2nd at one pm.
Please confirm you're booking a table for 2 at Ludwig's German Table in San Jose on March 2nd at 1 pm.
Yes, that is correct. What is the phone number and price range of the restaurant?
Your reservation has been confirmed. Their phone number is 408-771-9871 and their price range is moderate.
Could you help me find a cab there?
What kind of ride did you prefer? You can choose between Luxury, Regular, or anything else.
I'd like a Regular ride.
Please confirm you're booking a ride for 2 to 261 North 2nd Street and you prefer a Regular ride.
Yes, that is correct. How long will the ride take to get here and how much will it be?
Your ride has been confirmed and is now on its way. The cab should be here in 5 minutes and will cost $18.24.
Thank you for your help.
Did you need help with anything else?
No, but thank you for your help.
Have a great day.
I want to find a place to eat.
What city?
Fremont.
What kind of food?
Hunan Chinese food.
I found 1 restaurant called Hunan Cuisine in Fremont.
Yes, lets make a reservation.
What time?
12:00
Please confirm, reservation for 2 at Hunan Cuisine in Fremont on March 1st at 12 pm.
Yes. Do they serve alcohol? What is the phone number?
The reservation is complete. They do not serve alcohol. Their phone number is 510-687-1222.
I need a luxury cab to get there.
Is the address 6004 Stevenson Boulevard?
Yes.
Please confirm, luxury ride for 2 to 6004 Stevenson Boulevard.
Yes, that is correct.
Your ride is on the way now.
How long before it gets here? What is the cost?
It will be here in 12 minutes and the cost is $46.12.
Ok, that is all.
Have a nice day.
I want to find a place where I can eat.
Is there a specific food you want to have? It can be Indian, American or something else. Which city do you want the restaurant to be located at?
I would enjoy having some Burmese kind of food. I want the restaurant to be in Daly City.
There is 1 restaurant which matches what you want. Taste Of Burma is a good restaurant, and it is located in Daly City.
That suits me well.
Do you want to book a table at this restaurant?
Yes, I want to have a table booked for 3 people at this restaurant, and I want the reservation to be for 7:30 pm.
Can you please confirm that you want to book a table for 3 people at Taste Of Burma in Daly City at 7:30 pm on March 1st?
That's what I want.
Your requested table has been booked.
Can you check if they have live music? I want to know their address.
The restaurant can be found at 2025 Gellert Boulevard #200. Unfortunately they do not have live music.
I appreciate it very much. I want to have a cab to go there.
Can you tell me the type of ride you want to have? It can be Regular, Luxury or some other kind of ride.
I want to have a Luxury ride.
Can you please confirm that you want to have 3 seats in a Luxury ride, and that you want to go to 2025 Gellert Boulevard #200.
Alright, that's what I want.
Your requested cab has been booked, and is already on the way.
Can you tell me how long will it take the cab to come here?
The cab you want is expected to come in 7 minutes.
I appreciate your help very much.
Is there something else I can do for you?
Nothing. I am thankful for the help you provided.
Have a wonderful time!
Where can I eat?
What kind of food do you want? You can say Sushi, Mexican, Italian or another kind of food. Which city shall check in?
Shabu-Shabu is great! Look in SF.
I found 2 restaurants for you. One is called Shabu Club and it's in San Francisco.
What else is there? I want something affordable.
I found 1 restaurant for you. Shabu House is also in San Francisco and meets your requirements.
Do they have live music? And do they serve booze?
They don't serve alcohol or have live music.
Okay, that still works. Make a reservation for three people this Saturday.
What time is it for?
Do it for 12:45.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table for 3 at Shabu House in San Francisco, on March 2nd at 12:45 pm.
No, make it for four. Cindy is coming. I also want it for the 8th of March.
Please confirm the following details: A reservation for 4 people on March 8th.
I changed my mind again. Make it for 1:15 in the afternoon.
Please confirm the following: The reservation is for 1:15 pm and on March 8th.
Yes, that works. What's the address?
The address is 2608 Ocean Avenue. Sorry the reservation was unsuccessful. I will try again at Shabu House again if you like. Shall I try booking a table at 1:30 pm on March 8th for 4 people.
Yes, that will work.
Your reservation has been confirmed.
Can you find a cab?
Yes what kind of ride you want? You can take Pool or Luxury or different kind of ride.
I prefer pool.
Please confirm the following: You want 4 seats in a Pool ride and to arrive at 2608 Ocean Avenue.
Yes, that will work.
The ride has been booked.
Thanks for the help. That's all I want.
Have a great day!
I need to find a restaurant please.
What type of food are you interested in? Would you like Mexican, Italian or something else?
I think I would like to go to the steakhouse.
In what city please?
I'd like something in SF.
There are 10 possible restaurants in San Francisco. How about 5a5 Steak Lounge?
Are they in the budget price range and do they serve alcohol?
No, their price range is expensive but they do serve alcohol.
I'd like to find something that's intermediate priced. What else do you have?
I have 3 options for you in San Francisco. Are you interested in going to the Daily Grill?
Yes, I'd like that.
Shall I make reservations for you?
Yes, please do.
For what time please?
Let's do it at quarter to 6 in the evening.
Confirming a 5:45 PM reservation for 2 on March 1st at the Daily Grill in San Francisco.
That's perfect, thank you. Do you know if they have live music there?
I apologize, but I could not make the reservation. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Let's try the reservation again but at 6 PM.
Confirming a reservation for 2 at the Daily Grill in San Francisco on March 1st at 6 PM.
Perfect, thank you. Do they play live music there?
I'm sorry, they don't have live music. The reservation is complete.
Thank you. I also need a taxi please.
What kind of ride are you interested in, pool or regular?
A pool ride is fine and I'll be going to 347 Geary Street.
Confirming a pool taxi to 347 Geary Street for 2 passengers.
Actually can you change the destination to 3113 Stevenson Boulevard?
Confirming a pool taxi to 3113 Stevenson Boulevard.
That all sounds great. How much will it be?
The total fare will be $16.25. The ride has been booked and the cab has been dispatched.
When will it arrive?
It should show up in 5 minutes.
Great, thank you so much.
You're certainly welcome.
I have a guest here and we wish to dine out? Can you help me?
What taste will make you happy, American, Mexican or something like that?
I am looking for some Freshwater fish.
Are you particular with any city?
I am looking for some around San Fran.
In san Francisco, the best choice will be Akiko's Sushi Bar.
Ok, then ensure seats for me there.
At what time you need reservation?
Arrange it on 8th of this month at seven in the evening.
Ok, please confirm that you need 2 seats at Akiko's Sushi Bar at 7 pm on March 8th in San Francisco.
How is the rate there? It is very expensive. Can we enjoy music there?
It is expensive and has no live music. Your seats are booked.
Ok, please arrange a cab to 542 A Mason Street.
Which type of ride are you looking for?
Please find a Pool ride.
Ok, confirm your request: you need a Pool ride for 2 people to 542 A Mason Street.
Fine, When will it reach here and what is the cost?
In 8 minutes you can get in the cab and you have to pay $12.28.
Great favor. Thank you.
Do you need any other service?
No, That's all.
Have a great day.
I want something to eat in San Mateo which sells alcohol.
What kind of food do you like?
I want fish.
I found 4 restaurants for you. Joy Sushi is in San Mateo.
That's good.
Would you like a table?
Yes I would.
What time would you like it.
At 7 in the evening.
A table for 2 at Joy Sushi in San Mateo at 7 pm on March 1st. Is this right?
That's it. What's their price range?
Your reservation has been made. They have a moderate price range.
What's their number?
Their contact number is 650-340-8974.
Thanks. I'd like a cab to 30 South B Street. Make it a pool ride.
A pool ride for 2 to 30 South B Street. Is this what you want?
Yes, that's it.
Your cab is on its way.
Thanks for everything.
Do you need anything else?
No, that is all.
Have a nice day.
I need a place to eat.
In which city and what kind of food?
In redwood city please. Pizza would be great.
I found 5 restaurants in Redwood City. How about Chantilly?
That's fine, please make a reservation.
What time would you like the reservation?
The evening 5.
Okay you want a table at Chantilly in Redwood City at 5 pm on March 1st for 2 people, correct?
Yes that is correct.
Your table is booked.
Thanks, can you call me a cab to 3001 El Camino Real, a pool ride please.
You need a pool ride for 2 to 3001 El Camino Real, correct?
No get me a regular ride to ExCel London please.
You want a regular ride to ExCel London, correct?
Yes when will it arrive? How much is the total?
Your cab arrives in 2 minutes and is $29.94.
Thank you, that's all.
Have a great day.
Hi there, could you help me search for a nice Tex-Mex restaurant in San Jose?
How about Chili's Grill & Bar which is located in San Jose?
May I know their address and the price range of their food?
They are moderate priced and are located at 2185 Eastridge Loop.
This is great for me. Could you help me make a reservation for three tomorrow at 6:15 in the evening?
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 3 at Chili's Grill & Bar in San Jose at 6:15 pm on March 2nd.
That is fine with me.
Sorry, I was not able to make your reservation at Chili's Grill & Bar. Would you prefer a reservation for 3 on March 2nd at 6 pm instead?
Sure, that is fine with me.
Your reservation has been made!
Thank you so much!
Could I further assist you with anything else?
Sure, can you also reserve a pool ride there for me?
Please confirm you reservation for 3 seats for a Pool ride to 2185 Eastridge Loop.
Sorry, could you make a reservation for 2 instead?
No worries, please confirm you reservation for 2 seats for a Pool ride to 2185 Eastridge Loop.
That is fine with me, thank you!
Your booking has been made and the taxi is on its way to you!
Thank you for your assistance! That is all the help I need.
Sure, enjoy your meal and have a safe trip!
My boss's birthday is coming up and I would like to find a place to take him to eat.
What location would you like me to search in and what type of cuisine are you looking for? You can say things like Chinese, Italian, or any other food category's.
Our office is in Hayward, so close to there and his favorite food is Sichuan.
There is a restaurant that matches that description called Chef's Experience China Bistro located in Hayward.
Can you tell me if they have live music for entertainment and I will also need their contact phone number.
Unfortunately the restaurant with the contact number 510-538-2868 does not have any kind of live music.
What other suggestions do you have?
There is also a place called Frannie's Restaurant that is also in Hayward.
What else do you have?
Hayward is also home to a restaurant called Green Tea House Chinese Restaurant.
That one sounds like something I would like.
Would you like me to set you up with a reservation?
Yes, please. That would be very helpful.
What time of day should I set the reservation at?
I intend to take him out on his birthday so March 10th at 12:30 pm.
Okay before I submit this I just want to verify it with you. You would like a table for 2 at Green Tea House Chinese Restaurant, located in Hayward, on March 10th, at 12:30 pm. Is that correct?
No, i'm sorry, I need it for March 5th.
Okay, I've changed that to a table at Green Tea House Chinese restaurant on March 5th.
Yes, that's right. Can I have their address for directions please?
I was successfully able to make that reservation for you at the restaurant located at 29615 Mission Boulevard.
Great, I will also be needing luxury a ride.
How does a luxury ride, with 2 seats, to 29615 Mission Boulevard sound.
That sounds perfect.
I was able to book that ride for you and it is on it's way.
Thank you, that's all I need.
Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant.
What kind of cuisine would you like, Indian, Mexican or something else? And in what city?
I would like to find an Italian place in Los Gatos.
In Los Gatos, I would recommend Aldo's Ristorante & Bar.
What else is there that's average priced?
Also in Los Gatos, how about Campo Di Bocce of Los Gatos?
I like that one.
Shall I make reservations for you?
Yes, on the 5th of this month in the afternoon 12.
Confirming a table for 2 at 12 pm on March 5th at Campo Di Bocce Of Los Gatos in Los Gatos.
Great. What's their phone number and do you know if they serve alcohol?
The table has been booked. They don't serve alcohol and the phone number there is 408-395-7650.
May I get a taxi too please?
Is 565 University Avenue your destination and would you like a regular or luxury ride?
Yes, that address is correct and I'd like a pool ride please.
Confirming a pool ride for 2 to 565 University Avenue.
That's all perfect, thanks.
The cab has been booked and it is due to arrive soon.
Thank you for that.
My pleasure. Anything else today?
No, not today.
Thank you very much.
I need help finding a restaurant.
Sure, what city do you want me to search and what type of food do you like? Mexican, Italian, or something different?
I'm looking for an asian fusion place somewhere in Fremont.
Alirhgt, how about the Asian Pearl Seafood Restaurant? It's a nice place in Fremont.
Do you know if they have live music? Where are they located?
They don't have live music and are located at 43635 Boscell Road.
I'll try that one.
Do you want me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, I need a reservation.
What time should I reserve a table for?
12:15 in the afternoon would be good.
Please confirm you would like to make a reservation for 2 people at Asian Pearl Seafood Restaurant in Fremont on March 1st at 12:15 pm.
Yes, please make the reservation. What is the price range of the place?
The restaurant has moderate prices. I unfortunately could not reserve that time. Should I try a 12 pm reservation for 2 people at Asian Pearl Seafood Restaurant on March 1st?
Yes, that time is ok.
Alright, your reservation has been made.
I need to schedule a cab to get there.
What kind of ride would you like?
Just a regular ride.
You would like a regular ride for 2 people to 43635 Boscell Road, is that right?
Yes, please book it. What is the cab fare and how long will it take to arrive?
The cab sure be there in 5 minutes and the fare is $24.20.
Thanks. I'm done now.
Enjoy your meal!
Can you find me a place to eat in SFO?
What type of food do you want? Something like Mexican, Indian, or anything else?
I'm feeling pasta.
How about 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in San Francisco?
Any other suggestions?
A16 is nice and also in San Francisco.
That one works for me.
Do you need help with anything else?
Sure, I'd like to reserve a table there for 2 people on the 14th of this month at 19:45.
Please confirm: you want a table for 2 at A16 in San Francisco at 7:45 pm on March 14th.
Yes, that's great. What's the contact number?
They can be reached at 415-771-2216. I couldn't reserve your table. A16 has a table for 2 people open on March 14th at 7:30 pm. Do you want to book that instead?
Sure thing, that works.
Your reservation was successful.
Can you book me a cab to get there?
Do you prefer any certain type of ride? And will you be going to 2355 Chestnut Street?
Yes, that's the address. I prefer a Luxury ride.
Please confirm: you need a luxury cab for 2 to 2355 Chestnut Street.
Yes, that's great.
Your ride is booked and on the way.
Thanks for the help!
Do you need anything else?
No thank you, that's all.
Have a nice day!
I am searching for a place to eat at San Jose.
What type of food you are searching for?
I am looking for some Spicy Noodles type of food will be good for me.
I searched and found 10 restaurants. Erawan Thai Cuisine is a great restaurant at San Jose.
Please suggest some other restaurants with Halal type of food. I am searching for something not very costly priced.
Cafe Eden is a great restaurant at San Jose.
Whether they have live music? What is their phone number?
The contact number is 408-753-1139. Sorry, they don't have live music.
Can you please some other restaurant?
Sorry, I am unable to search any restaurant for you. Do you need any other help?
Could you please find again? I wish to have it in Fremont.
I searched and found 2 restaurants. Li Zhou Chinese Restaurant is a great restaurant at Fremont.
Yes. it is good for me.On Thursday next week, I wish to book it in the restaurant.
When will you want to reserve for?
Reserve it at quarter past 12 in the afternoon.
Kindly ensure that, on March 7th, reservation has been done for 2 persons at Li Zhou Chinese Restaurant at Fremont. It is at 12:15 pm.
Yes. It is good for me.
I am sorry that, I am unable to book a reservation. Li Zhou Chinese Restaurant is a great restaurant. Shall I book a reservation for 2 persons on March 7th at 12 pm?
Yes. it is good for me.
Your booking is done.
Thank you so much. Could you help me to get a cab there?
What type of ride do you want to have? It may be Regular or Pool or anything else.
I wish to have a Luxury ride.
Are you interested in going to 36456 Fremont Boulevard?
Yes. it is good for me.
Kindly ensure that, you need a Luxury ride to 36456 Fremont Boulevard. you require 2 seats.
Yest. it is good for me.
I reserved your ride and the cab is on the way.
Thank you so much for your help. That is what I want.
Have a fantastic day.
I would like for a place to eat in San Carlos.
What sort of food would you be looking for?
Ostrea kind of food would be best.
There is 1 restaurant available. Rustic House Oyster Bar And Grill - San Carlos is a pretty nice restaurant in San Carlos.
Is the price range moderate? Will they have live music?
The price range is moderate. They do not have any live music.
Yes, that is perfect. I would like to make a reservation at this restaurant.
At what time will you want the reservation to be?
Make it for the morning 11:30.
Please confirm these details: Book a table for 2 at Rustic House Oyster Bar and Grill - San Carlos located in San Carlos. It will be on March 1st at 11:30 am.
No, make it for 1 person and let it be at 7:30 pm.
Please confirm these details: Reservation for 1 person at 7:30 pm.
Yes, that works for me.
Your reservation is set.
What is the address and contact number?
Their address is at 920 El Camino Real. Their phone number is 650-394-4534.
Thank you very much. Can you find me a Pool ride cab to get there?
Please confirm these details: You want a Pool ride for 1 person to go to 920 El Camino Real.
Yes that works.
I have booked the ride and the cab is on the way.
Thank you very much. That is all.
Have a great day.
I am interested in finding a place to eat. I would like something in the moderate price range.
What type of food are you looking to get? You can specify Italian, Chinese, or something else.
Some pizza and pasta type of food would be wonderful.
What is the city you want me to search in?
I would like you to look in Santa Rosa.
A good restaurant in Santa Rosa is one called Basilico.
Yes, that is fine with me.
Would you like to make a reservation for a table there?
Yes I would like to make a reservation.
What time do you want the reservation for?
Reserve it for six in the evening.
Okay, confirm these details: booking a table at Basilico in Santa Rosa at 6 pm. This reservation will be for 2 people on March 1st.
Yes that is fine with me. Is there live music there? Can I get their contact number?
Your reservation is successfully made, and their phone number is 707-539-0260. They don't have live music there.
Can you get a cab for me there? I would like a regular ride to 4776 Sonoma Highway.
Please confirm these details: you would like a regular ride going to 4776 Sonoma Highway with 2 seats. You want a regular ride.
Yes that is fine with me. What is the price of this cab and how long will the wait be for them to arrive here?
I have booked your ride and the cab is headed your way. The price of the ride is $23.56 and it will be there in 3 minutes.
Thanks very much for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed. I appreciate your help.
Have a great day.
Help me find a good place to eat
Any food specifications? American, chinese or something else?
I am in the mood for cambodian food.
Which city should I search for restaurants in?
Find some in Danville
I found 2 restaurants in Danville. Lotus Thai restaurant is a good place.
that sounds good. Book a table for one later today.
What time should I make the booking for?
I want one for morning 11:15
Okay, booking a table for 1 at lotus thai restaurant danville on march 1st at 11:15 am
Sounds good. It is a reasonably priced place?
I am sorry, I wasn't able to complete your booking. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Try booking it again. This time for two people on the 14th.
Booking a table for 2 at lotus thai restaurant danville on march 14th at 11:15 am.
Sounds perfect to me.
Sorry, I was unable to book it. Should I make the reservation for 2 people at lotus thai restaurant on march 14th for 11:30 am instead?
That would be fine with me.
Your reservation is successfully booked.
Do they also play live music?
No, unfortunately they don't have live music.
Thanks, that is okay.
Can I help you with something else?
Sure, can you book me a pool ride there? the lovation is 115 Hartz avenue.
Booking a pool ride for 2 to 115 hartz avenue
Yes that is correct.
Your ride is on its way.
Thanks a lot
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that would be all. Thanks again.
Have a great time!
I'm famished! Could you find me a place to eat?
Any particular city I should search in?
Please look for some place in Albany.
Did you have a particular type of cuisine in mind?
I'd really love to eat Punjabi food.
Aangan, a nice restaurant in Albany, is one of the 2 that I found.
What is the other restaurant option?
Everest Kitchen is also a nice restaurant in Albany.
Please find out how pricey they are, and whether the serve liquor.
Their prices are moderate and they serve liquor.
That sounds good. Please reserve me a table at the restaurant.
For what time should I make the reservation?
Book it for 1:45 in the afternoon.
Okay. Please confirm that you'd like to reserve a table for 2 at Everest Kitchen in Albany, for 1:45 pm on March 1st.
That is correct.
Unfortunately, I was unable to make the reservation you requested. However, Everest Kitchen, a nice restaurant, has a table for 2 on March 1st at 1:30 pm. Would you like that?
Yes, that will be okay.
I have successfully made your reservation.
Thanks a lot. Could you please get me a cab to 1150 Solano Avenue?
What's your ride preference? Pool, Luxury or something else?
I'd like a Regular ride.
Please confirm that you'd like 2 Regular ride seats to 1150 Solano Avenue.
That is correct. How long will the cab take to get here and what's the cost?
I have successfully booked your cab and it should be here in 2 minutes. The cab ride will cost $29.77.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
Would you like my help with anything else?
No.Thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
Thank you, and have a great day!
You know what? I want to find a nice restaurant, with some good food and not just a show or expensive decor but where I can eat, love it and get a little alcohol. What do you have on tap for me?
What city and type of food do you want?
Let's find an afforadable place in San Carlos where I can feast on Greek food.
Does the Agora restaurant in San Carlos interest you?
Hmm, maybe. What else is on tap?
The Mythos restaurant in San Carlos has a nice rating.
Sounds like a winner. Please set up a reservation there for Monday next week.
What's the reservation time you want?
That afternoon 1:15 is the time I prefer.
I can set that up for you now. Do you want to confirm a table reservation at Mythos in San Carlos for 2 persons on March 4th at 1:15 pm?
Oh, sorry, I forgot. I won't be able to go there until 5:30 in the evening.
Okay. Do you want to confirm a table reservation at Mythos for 5:30 pm?
I sure do. Where is this restaurant and will they have live music?
Your table reservation is confirmed at the 1201 San Carlos Avenue address, and there appears to be no live music there.
All right, appreciate that. Now, would you set up a cab ride for me to go there?
Sure. Do you want a Regular or Pool cab or the kind of ride?
A Pool ride for 2 would be great.
Got it. Are you confirming a Pool cab ride for 2 passengers going to the 1201 San Carlos Avenue address?
Y, I am. When is the cab coming?
Your cab ride is confirmed and should arrive here in 9 minutes.
Can't thank you enough, my friend.
Have a nice time.
I would like a place to eat in Santa Rosa. I like pizza.
I found 10 options. Basilico is nice and it is located in Santa Rosa.
Yes, that's great.
What time would you like the reservation?
In the morning 10:45.
Please confirm a reservation at Basilico in Santa Rosa for 2 people at 10:45 am on March 1st.
Yes, that's great.
Apologizes, I was unable to make the reservation. Can I do anything else for you?
Can you try again for 5:30 pm?
Yes, please confirm a reservation at Basilico in Santa Rosa for 2 people at 5:30 pm on March 1st.
Great, what is the address?
The reservation is completed. The address is 4776 Sonoma Highway.
Can I get a cab please.
Do you prefer regular, luxury or something else?
I would like a pool ride.
OK, please confirm a pool ride to 4776 Sonoma Highway for 2 people.
Yes, that is correct.
You are booked.
Thanks a lot.
Can I do anything else for you?
No, this is good, thanks.
Have a great day.
I would like to find a restaurant please.
What type of cuisine are you looking for? For instance, Mexican or Indian or something else? And in what city please?
I'd like something in San Fran. How about Korean Barbeque?
All right, I have 10 choices for you. How about Aato in San Francisco?
What else is there please?
Barnzu is also in San Francisco and is a nice restaurant.
That should work.
Do you want to make a reservation?
Sure, I would like to.
At what time please?
How about in the evening 7:45?
Confirming a 7:45 pm reservation on March 1st at Barnzu in San Francisco for 2 people.
That sounds great. Do they play live music there?
I apologize, but I couldn't make the reservation. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Let's try the reservation again fat 1:30 pm please.
All right. Let me confirm that with you: a table for 2 at Barnzu in San Francisco on March 1st at 1:30 pm.
That's correct. Could you tell me their address? And I'm wondering if they play live music there.
No, they don't have live music. They are located at 711 Geary Street and the reservation is complete.
Thanks for your help. I need to arrange a taxi, too.
What type of ride would you like?
A pool ride please.
Confirming a pool ride for 2 to 711 Geary Street.
Yes, that's right.
The ride has been booked and the taxi will arrive shortly.
Thank you very much.
May I do anything else for you today?
No, not today.
Thank you very much.
Hi, any places where I can dine at?
Any preference on the dining location?
I would prefer one in Belmont please.
How about the type of cuisine?
Some seafood will be perfect for me.
How about China Village Seafood Restaurant located in Belmont?
Sure, that is fine with me. Could you reserve a table for one on the 11th of March at 12:15 in the afternoon?
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 1 at China Village Seafood Restaurant in Belmont at 12:15 pm on March 11th.
Sure, this is great for me!
Unfortunately, I was not able to make your reservation at China Village Seafood Restaurant. How about a reservation for 1 at 12 pm on March 11th instead?
Yes, this is fine to me too.
Sure, your reservation has been made.
Could you help me get a taxi ride there?
Any preference on the type of ride? Will you be travelling to 600 Ralston Avenue?
Sure, I would prefer a pool ride.
Please confirm you booking for 1 seats on a pool ride to 600 Ralston Avenue.
Sure, that is fine with me.
Your booking has been made and is on its way.
Sure, thanks for your kind assistance!
No worries, do you need any other help?
No, that is all, thank you!
Sure, have a safe trip and enjoy your meal!
I need to plan something for me and my friends to do when we get together. Can you find a restaurant for me?
Sure, where at and what kind of food?
Somewhere in Concord with Tacos that serves alcohol would be great.
Canasta Kitchen is in Concord and seems pretty popular.
What else can you find? It's more important that it's not very costly, so maybe Diner food would be better.
I found one in Concord called Claim Jumper Restaurants. How about that?
Do they have live music? And where is it at?
They're at 1981 Diamond Boulevard and unfortunately don't have live music.
What else is there?
There's also one called Eureka! in Concord.
Oh, that sounds good. Can you put in a reservation for four people on the 9th of this month?
Sure, at what time?
You can make it for quarter past 6 in the evening. I just remembered my one friend can't make it, so change it to three people.
Ok. To confirm, you want to make a reservation for 3 at Eureka! in Concord on March 9th at 6:15 pm. Is that right?
Actually, I think I'm busy that day. Can you change that to March 14th?
Sure. To confirm, you want a reservation for 3 people on March 14th. Is that right?
Yes, that's perfect.
Sorry, I encountered an error and couldn't make the reservation. Do you want to try making a reservation at Eureka! for 3 people on March 14th at 6 pm?
Yes, that should still work.
Ok, this time the reservation was successful.
Great, thanks! While we're at it, I also want to book a Luxury cab there to 1975 Diamond Boulevard Ste. C 160.
Ok, to confirm, you want to book a Luxury cab for 3 people to 1975 Diamond Boulevard Ste. C 160. Is that right?
Yep, sounds good. How much is it?
The cab is on its way and will be $58.72 total.
Great, thanks for your help!
No problem. Anything else I can do?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Sure, have a good day.
I'm trying to find somewhere to eat.
In what city?
I'm looking for someplace in San Jose.
What kind of food are you looking for? Would you like Indian, Italian or another type of cuisine?
I'd like to find something vegetarian in the Berkeley area.
How about Great Wall | Chinese Restaurant, which is in Berkeley?
Where are they located? And you know if they play live music?
I'm sorry, they don't have live music. The address is 6247 College Avenue.
That sounds good.
Shall I make a reservation for you?
Sure, why not?
For what time please?
I think eight in the night is best.
Confirming a reservation at Great Wall | Chinese Restaurant in Berkeley at 8 PM on March 1st for a party of 2.
Excellent, thank you. Could you give me the phone number?
I apologize, but I was unable to book a table for you. Would you like anything else today?
Let's try the reservation again but at 11:30 this time.
Confirming a reservation at 11:30 AM for 2 people on March 1st at Great Wall | Chinese restaurant in Berkeley.
Perfect, thanks. Do you know if they serve alcohol and could you tell me the telephone number?
I'm afraid they don't serve alcohol. The phone number of the restaurant is 510-658-8458 and your reservation is complete.
Terrific. I'm also going to need a taxi please.
Is there any type of ride that you prefer?
Yes, luxury please.
Confirming a luxury ride for 2 passengers going to 6247 College Avenue.
That all sounds perfect.
The ride has been ordered and the cab will arrive shortly.
Exactly how long please?
It should arrive in 14 minutes.
You've been very helpful, thank you.
You're welcome, enjoy your day.
Give me some food ideas for dining out.
What food do you like best? Where should I search?
Novato is where I am. What about Asian Fusion.
Well, there are 2. What about Sushi Tri, It's in Novato?
What about booze?
Sorry no to alcohol.
What's their street number?
You'll find them at 333 Enfrente Road.
Fine do that then.
What time will you want the reservation?
Do it at quarter to 1 in the afternoon.
Here's what I heard: 2 people at 12:45 pm at Sushi Tri on March 1st in Novato?
You heard each minute detail.
I'm sorry that didn't work. What about making your reservation for 2 at sushi tri at 1 pm instead? Still for March 1st.
Great, try it.
Ding, Ding, Ding, you have a winner.
Get me a cab there then.
What type ride? Luxury, regular or shared?
Just a pool ride.
Fine, 2 to 333 Enfrente Road, Pool ride.
Perfect, How long until my cab arrives?
It's on it's way and will get here is 9 minutes.
excellent, thanks. That'll be it.
Enjoy your meal.
Find me a place that serves Barbecue in Petaluma.
Bistro 100 serves barbecue in Petaluma.
That is perfect. Make a reservation for me.
What time do you want to eat?
I want to eat at seven in the evening.
You want a table for 2 at Bistro 100 in Petaluma on March 1st at 7 pm. Is that right?
Yes, that is correct.
I can't make a reservation at that time. What about a reservation for 2 at Bistro 100 at 6:30 pm on March 1st?
That is good.
Your booking is complete.
I would like a Pool ride to get to 140 2nd Street #100.
You want a Pool ride for 2 people to get to 140 2nd Street #100. Is that right?
That is correct.
Your ride is confirmed and is coming for you right now.
Thanks a bunch.
Do you need something more?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a good day.
Hey, I want to find a place to eat in San Francisco.
Sure thing! What kind of food do you want to eat ( Mexican, Indian, etc.)?
I'm in the mood for some pho.
Great! I recommend Anh Hong in San Francisco.
Is the restaurant affordable?
The price range is listed as moderate.
Do they serve liquor?
Yes, they do!
Great, that should work! I'd like to make a reservation for 2 for 17:30.
No problem! Can you confirm the following details, please? You're reserving a table for 2 at Anh Hong in San Francisco on March 1st at 5:30 pm.
Yes! What's their phone number?
Your reservation is successful! The restaurant phone number is 415-885-5180.
Thanks! Now I need a cab ride there. There will be 3 of us. We'd like a luxury ride.
Will do! Will the cab be taking you to the restaurant, 808 Geary Street?
Yes, it will.
Great! Can you confirm the following details, please? You're booking a luxury cab ride for 3, taking you to 808 Geary Street.
Yup!
Your ride is booked!
How long before the cab gets here? And how much will it cost?
The cab should reach you in 8 minutes. It'll cost around $33.08.
Thanks for everything!
You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's it.
Have a wonderful day!
I am searching for a place to eat around windsor and i want Burger type of food.
I searched 4 restaurant. one of them is Charlies restaurant is a nice one which is located in Windsor.
Do you know any other restaurant?
There is one nice restaurant called Kc's American Kitchen which is located in windsor.
This is okay for me. I like to book a restaurant on the 7th at 17:30.
Please give confirmation details: Booking table for 2 people on march 7th at Kc's American Kitchen which is located in windsor at 5:30 pm.
Yes. perfect. Are they serving liquor?
They don't serve alcohol. Your booking has been done.
Is there a live music and can i know the address?
No, they do not have live music and the address is 9501 Duvander Lane.
Thanks a lot. could you get me a cab there ? i like pool ride.
Please give confirmation details: You are riding to 9501 Duvander lane with 2 seats and want pool ride.
This is okay for me. At what time the cab reaches here and what is its cost?
i confirmed your ride and cab is on the way and will come within 5 minutes. Cost of ride is $14.23
Thank you very much for your help.
Have a great day.
I would like to eat Malaysian food
In which city?
I'd like in Burlingame
In Burlingame there's Coconut Bay Thai Restaurant
Ok, I like it! I want to book a table
At what time?
I prefer at 12:45 pm
A table for 2 people at Coconut Bay Thai Restaurant in Burlingame, on March 1st at 12:45 pm. Is it correct?
No, I prefer at 11:30 am, please
A table on March 1st at 11:30 am. Do you confirm?
No, the date is 2nd of March
A table at Coconut Bay Thai Restaurant on March 2nd: is it correct?
Yes, It's correct now
Your table is booked!
I need a cab to go there
Do you prefer a Pool or Regular ride to go to 1107 Howard Avenue?
I prefer a Regular ride, please
2 seats in a regular ride to 1107 Howard Avenue. Do you confirm?
No, I need one seat and I prefer a Luxury ride.
1 seats in a Luxury ride. Is it correct?
Yes, it is! Will it take long for the cab to arrive? How much?
The cab arrives within 13 minutes, it costs $18.60. The cab is coming!
Thanks a lot, It's all!
Have a nice day
I want to find a restaurant that serves liquor which is average priced.
In what city please? And what type of food would you like?
I want a diner type of place in San Carlos please.
I found 3 options for you in San Carlos. Maybe you'd like to go to Piacere Restaurant.
That sounds nice. Let's make a reservation please.
What time would you like that for?
At seven in the evening and it should be for a party of 4.
Confirming a table for 4 at Piacere Restaurant in San Carlos on March 1st at 7 pm.
That will work.
The table has been booked.
Where is the restaurant located and is there live music there?
No, they don't have live music, I'm sorry. Their address is 727 Laurel Street.
Thanks. May I get a taxi, too, please?
Is there a type of ride that you would like?
Yes, luxury please.
Confirming a luxury ride for 4 to 727 Laurel Street.
Correct, thank you.
The ride has been booked and the cab has been dispatched.
Thank you for all your help.
It's my pleasure.
I finally got my tax refund back and would like to take my wife to eat at a nice, costly restaurant in Los Gatos.
What type of cuisine would you like me to search for. You can say things like Indian, Mexican, or any other category of food preference you may have.
My wife and I really like fish.
The is only 1 restaurant I was able to locate that meets your requirements and it is called Steamer's Grillhouse located in Los Gatos.
That sounds nice, let's get a table there.
What time would you like the table reserved for?
A romantic dinner sounds good so let's do 8 in the night.
Okay, just let me know if this is right, you want a table for 2, at Steamer's Grillhouse, located in Los Gatos, on March 1st, at 8 pm. Did I get that right?
I will need their phone number in case we can't make it and can you tell me if they have live music for entertaining.
I'm terribly sorry but I can not make that reservation for you at this time. Can I help with something else?
Let's try booking the table at the same place but a different time, say 6:30 pm.
Okay, I've change the details to a reservation for 2 at Steamer's Grillhouse, located in Los Gatos, on March 1st, at 6:30 pm. Is that right?
Yes, hopefully they have an opening then.
I was able to confirm that reservation for you.
I will also need a ride there.
Is the address you are going to 31 University Avenue?
Yes, it is.
What type of ride are you looking for?
My usual mode of transportation is a pool ride.
Okay, so you will also be needing 2 seats on a pool ride to 31 University Avenue.
Actually, lets change that to a luxury ride, my wife will like that.
I have changed that to 2 seats on a luxury ride.
Great and can you also tell me the total cost of the ride?
The ride I just confirmed for you will be $30.97 and it is currently on the way.
Great, can you give me an ETA on my ride?
It should arrive in 14 minutes.
Thanks so much!
No problem. Do you need anything else?
No, that was all I needed for the rest of the evening.
Okay, have a good night and enjoy your meal.
Can you find me a place to eat please?
What type of food?
Some Chinese would be great.
Which city would you like me to look in?
In San Francisco please.
Alice's in San Francisco is nice.
Do they serve liquor? Do they have a very fancy price range?
The range is inexpensive and they do not serve alcohol.
What else can you find?
Bamboo Restaurant in San Francisco is nice.
That sounds good.
Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes please book a table.
What time would you like your reservation?
Make the reservation at 4:30 in the evening.
You want a table for 2 at Bamboo Restaurant in San Francisco on March 1st at 4:30 pm, correct?
Yes that is correct.
I was unable to reserve the table. Can I do anything else for you.
Try booking it at 5:30 pm.
You want a table for 2 at Bamboo Restaurant in San Francisco on March 1st at 5:30 pm, correct?
Yes that is correct.
Your table is reserved. The address is 1441 Polk Street.
Thank you, I also need a cab.
What type of ride?
A pool ride please.
You want a pool ride with 2 seats to 1441 Polk Street, correct?
Yes that's correct.
Your cab is on the way.
How much is the total?
It is $12.19.
When does it arrive?
It will be here in 8 minutes.
Thank you for your assistance.
Can I do anything else for you?
No that is all.
Have a great day.
I'm looking for a place to eat some Dumplings kind of food.
In which city would you like to eat?
I'd like in SF
In San Francisco there's Alice's
Could you propose another restaurant?
In San Francisco I propose Bamboo Restaurant
Ok, It's fine for me
Want to book a table here?
Yes, please, I want to book a table
What time do you want to book?
A table for 2 people on the 2nd at afternoon 1
A reservation for 2 people at Bamboo Restaurant in San Francisco, on March 2nd at 1 pm. Is it correct?
Yes, it's correct. Does the restaurant serve liquor?
Yes, the restaurant serve alcohol. Your table is booked!
What the restaurant's address?
It's 1441 Polk Street
Thank you. I need a cab to go there
Do you prefer a Regular, a Luxury or another ride type?
A regular ride is ok, thanks
2 seats in a Regular ride to 1441 Polk Street. Do you confirm?
No, I prefer a Pool ride, for one people
1 seats in a pool ride: is it correct?
Yes, is it correct now
Your cab is coming!
Thanks a lot!
Do you need anything else?
No, It's all for now. Thanks
Have a nice day
I'm looking for a restaurant. It needs to have live music
Sure. Any preference for the type of food?
How about some tacos?
In what city
I'll go in Brentwood
La Fuente Mexican Bar Restaraunt looks good. They're in Brentwood
Yes that sounds nice
Would you like to book a table?
Yes please
For what time?
I'll go at 10:45
Please confirm: a reservation for 2 at La Fuente Mexican Bar Restaraunt in Brentwood at 10:45 am on March 1st
Yes that's fine. Can I get the address? Is it an expensive restaurant?
Sorry, I wasn't able to reserve that. Anything else I can do?
Try again but make it a 7 pm reservation instead
Please confirm: a reservation for 2 at La Fuente Mexican Bar Restaraunt in Brentwood at 7 pm on March 1st
Yes that's fine
Your reservation is successful
Thanks so much. Can you book me a cab?
Sure. Any preference for ride type, such as a pool or luxury?
A luxury ride please
And you're going to 642 1st Street, correct?
Yes that's correct
Please confirm: a luxury ride for 2 to 642 1st Street?
Yes that's it
Your cab is booked and on the way
Thanks so much for your help
Take care
Hello, I am hungry. Could you help me find a place which serves nice fodo?
Any preference on the type of food and the area of the restaurant?
I would prefer some Greek food in Oakland, thanks.
There is 1 restaurant called Ikaros Greek Restaurant which is located in Oakland.
Sure, this works for me.
Would you want me to make a reservation for you?
Sure, could you make one at 17:30 please?
Please confirm your reservation for 2 people at Ikaros Greek Restaurant in Oakland at 5:30 pm on March 1st.
That is fine with me! Is this a restaurant with a budget price range?
Your reservation has been made. Their food is moderate priced.
Sure, could you help me get a cab ride there to 3268 Grand Avenue too?
Any preference on the type of ride you would like?
I would prefer a Luxury ride, thanks!
Please confirm your booking of a Luxury ride for 2 seats to 3268 Grand Avenue.
Sure, that is fine with me.
Your reservation has been made and the taxi is currently on its way to you.
Sure, thanks for your help!
Do you need any further assistance?
No, that is all I need. Thanks!
Have a great day ahead!
Can you find me a good restaurant in Santa Clara?
Do you have a specific cuisine in mind?
I want to have some American food.
Of the 4 restaurants that match your preferences, Bennigan's is a nice restaurant in Santa Clara.
What are my other options?
Want to try Birk's in Santa Clara? It is a good restaurant.
Can you find some restaurants in Pleasant Hill?
There is 1 restaurant called Black Angus Steakhouse in Pleasant Hill.
Do they serve alcohol? Can you get me their contact number?
Yes, they do serve alcohol and their phone number is 925-938-9900.
That sounds good. I'd like to reserve a table there.
By what time are you planning to get there?
I'll be there by morning 10:45.
Reserving a table for 2 at Black Angus Steakhouse in Pleasant Hill at 10:45 am on March 1st. Please confirm.
Please go ahead. How expensive is the place?
The restaurant is classified in the moderate price range. Sorry, the table could not reserved. Shall I try to reserve a table for 2 at Black Angus Steakhouse at 11 am on March 1st?
That works for me. Give it a try.
Your table has been reserved successfully.
Can you also get me a Pool cab to go there?
Are you headed to 3195 North Main Street?
That's right. Get me a Regular ride please.
Booking a Regular cab for 2 to 3195 North Main Street. Please confirm.
That sounds correct. Please proceed.
The cab has been booked and it is on its way.
How much will the trip cost?
It will cost $29.73.
How long will the cab take to get here?
It is expected to arrive in 6 minutes.
Thank you. That'll be all for now.
Have a great day!
I am searching for a place to eat.
In which city shall I search?
I want to be in San Fran.
What type of food do you need? It may be like Mexican, American or anything else.
I like some Take-out type of food.
I searched and found 7 restaurants. Golden Gate Indian Cuisine & Pizza is a wonderful restaurant at San Francisco.
What is their phone number? Whether they have live music?
Their contact number is 415-564-5514. Sorry, they are not having live music.
Yes. it is good for me.
Shall I book a table here?
Yes. I want to book a reservation on 12th of March.
Which is your most preferred time?
Reserve it at 12:30 in the afternoon.
Kindly ensure that, on March 12th, the reservation for 2 persons is done at Golden Gate Indian Cuisine & Pizza is a wonderful restaurant at San Francisco. The time is 12:30 pm.
yes. it is good for me. What is their price? Whether they serve liquor?
Your booking is done. The price is moderate. Yes. they are serving alcohol.
Thank you so much. Is it possible to have a cab there?
Whether you are going to 4038 Judah Street? What type of ride do you wish to have?
Yes. it is good for me. I like to have a Regular ride.
Kindly ensure that, you wish to have a Regular ride to 4038 Judah Street. You require 2 seats.
Nope. I want to have a Pool ride.
Kindly ensure that, you wish to have a Pool ride 4038 Judah Street.
Yes. it is good for me.
Your ride is confirmed and the cab is on the way.
Thank you so much for you help.
Shall I do anything for you?
Nope. Thank you so much for your help.
Have a fantastic day.
Can you help me find a place to eat?
Sure, in which city?
Look in Millbrae for some restaurant serving Noodles.
In Millbrae I can recommend Asian Pearl.
Is there anything else available?
In Millbrae you could also go to Chef Wang's Restaurant.
Sounds good. Let's make a reservation.
For what time.
19:00 would be perfect.
Can you please confirm that you want me to place a reservation for 2 at Chef Wang's Restaurant in Millbrae for 7 pm on March 1st.
Yes, that's correct.
Unfortunately I wasn't able to place your reservation at Chef Wang's Restaurant. I can try to book a table for 2 on March 1st at 6:30 pm.
OK, please do.
I've successfully placed your reservation.
Can you help me get a Pool ride cab for one person to 1320 El Camino Real?
Can you please confirm that you want me to get you a Pool ride for 1 person to 1320 El Camino Real?
Yes, that's correct.
Your cab is booked and on its way to you.
Thanks for everything.
Is there anything else I could help you with?
No, thanks again.
Have a nice day!
I'd like to find a place to eat.
What kind of food would you like to eat? For example you can say Italian or Indian. Which city would you like to eat in?
I'd like to find Sushi in SFO.
There is a nice place called 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco.
Do you have any other suggestions?
How about Ace Wasabi Rock-n-roll Sushi in San Francisco.
That sounds nice.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please. I'd like a table at 12:30.
Okay so you would like a table for 2 at Ace Wasabi Rock-n-roll Sushi in San Francisco on March 1st at 12:30 pm.
That's correct. What is their telephone number?
Your reservation has been made successfully. Their phone number is 415-567-4903.
Thanks very much. Can you arrange a cab to take me there? There are 3 people in my group so I'd like a Luxury ride. We are going to 3339 Steiner Street.
Okay so that's 3 people travelling by Luxury cab to 3339 Steiner Street
Actually I've changed my mind. I'd like to go to Coconut Bay Thai Restaurant instead. I'm ok with a Pool ride.
No problem. So you'd like a Pool ride to Coconut Bay Thai Restaurant.
That's great thanks. How much will the ride cost?
Your cab has been booked and will be with you soon. The total cost will be $23.73.
Thanks for your help.
Do you need help with anything else?
No Thanks, that's it for now.
Enjoy your day.
I need a restaurant.
In which city? Are you looking for Italian, American or some other type of food?
I'm looking for a steakhouse in Pacifica.
Vallemar Station is 1 restaurant in Pacifica.
Yes. Sounds yummy.
Do you want me to reserve?
Yes. Please book a table for 4 at seven in the evening on the 5th of March.
Please confirm you want me to book a table for 4 at the Vallemar Station in Pacifica on March 5th at 7 pm.
Actually, the reservation is for three people at 5:45 in the evening.
Please confirm you want me to reserve for 3 people at 5:45 pm.
Yes. That is correct.
Your reservation was not successful. Would you like me to make a reservation at Vallemar Station on March 5th at 6 pm for 3 people.
Yes. That is correct.
Your reservation was a success.
Thanks. I will need a taxi to take me there.
Is your destination 2125 Coast Hwy and what is your preferred ride type?
Yes, that's the destination. A luxury ride works.
Please confirm you want me to book a luxury ride for 3 going to 2125 Coast Hwy.
Yes. That is correct.
Your ride has been booked and your taxi is on its way.
Thanks so much.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Help me find a low-cost place to eat.
Which city are you looking for?
One in SF would do
Any food preferences? American, mexican or something else?
I really like ethiopian food.
I found 1. How about cafe ethiopia in san francisco?
Do they serve alcohol? what is their number?
They don't serve alcohol. Their number is 415-285-2728
That sounds perfect.
Should I reserve your table?
Yes, book a table for one.
What time should I schedule it?
Book one for 1:30 in the afternoon
Booking a table for 1 at cafe ethiopia san francisco on march 1st 1:30 pm
Actually shift it to the 5th for 3 people.
Booking a table for 3 on march 5th
That would be perfect
Your booking is confirmed.
Does it have live music? What's its address?
They don't have live music and are based out of san francisco
Thanks, Can you also book a cab for there?
Sure, luxury or regular?
A regular ride will be fine.
Booking a regular ride to san francisco for 3.
Okay, what is the cost?
The ride is on the way and would cost $23.52
Thanks a ton.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that would be all
Have a great day today
I'd like to find a place to eat.
In which city would you like to dine?
I'd like it in San Fran, please.
What type of food? I can find you Mexican, Italian, or something else.
I'd like some Moroccan food please.
I found El Mansour in San Francisco.
Any other suggestions? I'm looking for something reasonably priced.
Khamsa is also located in San Francisco.
That sounds great to me.
Do you want me to reserve a table for you?
Yes, please make a reservation.
At what time?
2 pm would be great.
Please confirm: a 2 pm reservation for 2 people on March 1st at Khamsa in San Francisco.
Yes, that's perfect.
Sorry, I can't make that reservation. Can I help you with something else?
Let's try booking it again, at 1:30 pm instead.
Please confirm: a 1:30 pm reservation for 2 people on March 1st at Khamsa in San Francisco.
Yes, that's great.
Your reservation is confirmed.
Thanks so much! Can you get me a cab?
What type of ride? I can get you a pool, a regular, or something else.
I'd prefer a regular ride.
Will you be travelling to 1503 15th Street?
Yes, that's great.
Please confirm: book a 2 seat regular ride to 1503 15th Street.
Yes, that's great. How much will it be and how long until they get here?
Your cab is on the way. It'll be there in 6 minutes. The ride will be $24.78.
Thank you so much. That'll be all.
Have a great day!
I have a plan to eat out side for which I need to search for some place which should be reasonably priced. Can you search it in Santa Rosa.
Do you have any desired category of food that you have in your mind like American, Chinese or anything else?
Yes, I like Cambodian food and search for place with this type of food.
Found 1 result which is Kettles Vietnamese Bistro in Santa Rosa. Hope this is very much liked by you as it was the best one.
Yes, I like it.
Do you want me to book table there?
Yes, I need to book it for 3 persons on the 5th at 1:30 in the afternoon.
Please confirm to book a table for 3 in the hotel Kettles Vietnamese Bistro in Santa Rosa on March 5th at 1:30 pm.
That is confirmed to proceed and check whether they will supply liquor there?
No, they do not supply liquor and your reservation was successfully made.
Thanks for your help and I need one more. Can you book a Cab with Luxury ride to go to 1202 West Steele Lane?
Yes, please confirm to book a Cab for 3 persons with Luxury ride to 1202 West Steele Lane.
That is correct. Go ahead.
I have made the booking successfully and the same will reach you soon.
What is the cost for that ride and what will be the time taken by the cab to reach my place?
It costs $55.55 and it will reach you within 13 minutes.
Thank you for that information.
Any more help you need to do?
No, not for now. That's all.
Have a good day.
Find an afforadable restaurant.
Which city and cuisine?
Greek in Oakland.
Ikaros Greek Restaurant is in Oakland.
Do they serve alcohol? Where are they?
No alcohol. The address is 3268 Grand Avenue.
Ok that works.
Do you want to book a table?
Yes, for one on the 5th of this month at 6 in the evening.
Please confirm: table for 1 at Ikaros Greek Restaurant in Oakland on March 5th at 6 pm.
Ok.
Your table is booked.
Find a cab there, pool ride.
Please confirm: pool ride for 1 to 3268 Grand Avenue.
Yes. When does it arrive and what's the cost?
Your cab is on its way and arrives in 3 minutes. The cost is $16.68.
Thanks, that's all I needed.
Have a nice day.
I'm new to town and would like to find a good place to get some food.
What area would you like me to search in and what type of cuisine are you looking for?
I would like some Persian food somewhere between my work and home in South San Francisco.
Ali Baba is one of 2 restaurants that I found located in South San Francisco.
I will need their phone number and do you know if they play live music or any kind of entertainment?
The establishment with phone number 650-871-2221 does not have live music, sorry.
That's find, I prefer the quiet.
I can help you book a table there if you like.
Thank you, that would be great!
Can I have the time you would like me to reserve the table for?
Just myself, 1 person on the 3rd at 18:00.
Let's make sure I have this right before I proceed. You would like a table for 1 at Ali Baba, located in South San Francisco, on March 3rd, at 6 pm. Does that all sound correct to you?
Yes, those are all the details.
Your reservation is all set and ready to go.
Thanks, I will also need transportation there.
Is the address you will be dropped off at 1429 San Mateo Avenue?
Yes, that is also correct .
What does the category of the ride you are looking for fall into?
I generally prefer a luxury ride if one is available.
So you would like my help finding 1 seat on a luxury ride, going to 1429 San Mateo Avenue?
Yes, please.
I was able to find that and book that for you. Please be ready, your ride is on the way.
What is the ETA and how much does it cost?
The total cost of the ride should be $24.47 and it should be there in exactly 11 minutes.
Thanks so much, that was easy.
Is there anything else you need?
No, you've already made my life a little easier for the day.
Great, enjoy the rest of your day.
I need to grab some chow somewhere.
Mexican? Italian? What's your pick?
Maybe Diner. As in food. Not Micky Rourke.
Ok. A Diner where?
Find one in Lafayette.
I got 5 Lafayette. Try American Kitchen.
What else is there?
In Lafayette? Duck Club Restaurant.
I need to get drunk and listen to a good band. Is this the place for that.
Maybe. They serve alcohol but no live music.
Let see what else you have.
In Lafayette, I have Metro Lafayette.
Bingo. Book it.
For what time?
Eleven in the morning.
A table for 2 at Metro Lafayette in Lafayette at 11 am on March 1st. Correct?
That is correct.
You have a table.
Is this going to dent my wallet? Where is this place?
They are at 3524 Mount Diablo Boulevard. It is moderate priced.
Great. Can you call me cab there?
Sure. What type?
A Luxury ride.
2 seats on a Luxury ride to 3524 Mount Diablo Boulevard?
Sounds good. When will it be here and whats the damage?
$37.08. It should be here in like 7 minutes.
Cool. Good job.
Thanks. I got time for more.
No thanks. I got to get ready.
Take care then.
Can you find a restaurant for me?
Sure, in which city.
In SF, please.
What kind of cuisine do you prefer?
I'd go for some Brunch.
There are 10 restaurants meeting your criteria. How about 1300 On Fillmore in San Francisco?
That sounds great.
Do you want me to place a reservation for you?
Yes, please do.
For when do you want your reservation?
Afternoon 12:45, please.
Can you please confirm that you want me to book a table for 2 at 1300 On Fillmore in San Francisco on March 1st at 12:45 pm.
Yes, that's correct.
Unfortunately I wasn't able to book your table at 1300 On Fillmore as requested. Are you OK with a table for 2 on March 1st at 1 pm?
Yes, that could work.
I've successfully placed your reservation.
Can you find a Pool ride cab for me to that destination?
Sure, 1300 Fillmore Street, right?
Yes, that's right.
Can you please confirm that you want a Pool ride for 2 persons to 1300 Fillmore Street?
Strike that and make it a Luxury ride to 591 Redwood Highway # 2235.
Can you please confirm that you need a Luxury ride to 591 Redwood Highway # 2235?
Yes, that's correct.
Your cab is on its way to you.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thanks again.
Have a nice day.
Can you find me a nice restaurant that serves American food?
In which city?
I prefer San Fran
1760 is a well rated restaurant located in San Francisco
Yes sounds great. Please make a reservation for two people, on 12th of this month at quarter to 1 in the afternoon.
To confirm: You wish to make a reservation for 2 people, at 12:45 pm on March 12th at 1760 in San Francisco. Correct?
Yes sounds great
Sorry that time is not available. Shall I try a reservation for 2 people on March 12th at 12:30 pm at 1760 ?
Yes please do
Reservation is confirmed.
Can you give me their address? Do they by chance have live music?
They do not have live music. 1760 is located at 1760 Polk Street.
Thanks. Can you get me a cab to the restaurant?
Is a shared ride ok or do you have a preference?
I prefer a Luxury ride.
To confirm: You need a cab, for 2, to 1760 Polk Street. You prefer a luxury ride. Correct?
Yes. How long will it take the cab to arrive?
It is already on the way and is expected to arrive in 7 minutes.
Thanks. That's all I need.
Have a good day.
Can you help me find an intermediate priced place to eat?
Any food specifications? Chinese, American or something else?
I love brazilian food actually
Which city should I search for it?
I want something in San Francisco.
Minas Brazilian is a great place in San Francisco.
Do you have something else?
No, I couldn't find anything else that matches your preferences. Can I help you with something else?
How about some lobster at a place that serves alcohol?
Sure, betty lou's seafood & grill is a great place in San Francisco.
Cool, make me a reservation there.
What time should I book the slot for?
Something around 19:30.
Booking a table for 2 at betty lou's seafood & grill in San Francisco on March 1st at 7:30 pm
That sounds perfect.
Your booking is done.
Thanks, I also want to book a regular cab for a group of 3.
the location is 318 columbus avenue right?
Yes, a cab for 2 I meant.
Booking a regular cab for 2 to 318 columbus avenue
Okay, what is the cost and when will the cab arrive.
The cab is on its way and will arrive in 4 minutes. The cost for the same is $34.22
Thanks, that would be all.
Pleasure. Have a great time there.
Find me a place to eat.
What sort of food are you in the mood for? Say something like Mexican, Italian or something else. What city do you want me to look in?
Spicy Indian food is yummy. Look in Mountain View.
Chaat Paradise is a nice restaurant that is in Mountain View.
Would you suggest something else?
Dosa Paratha Indian Cuisine is a nice restaurant in Mountain View.
Is anything else available? Search in Newark.
I have 4 restaurants. Biryani Pot is a good restaurant in Newark.
Is liquor served there?
Alcohol is not served.
Could you tell me their contact number?
Their contact number is 510-745-9870.
That sounds good to me. Could I make a reservation at a restauranat for one on the 9th of March? Have it be at 18:15.
Okay, confirm that you want to book a table at Biryani Pot in Newark at 6:15 pm for 1. This will be on March 9th.
No, make it March 13th.
Please confirm that you want to make a reservation on March 13th for 1 person.
No, it should be for two at 19:45.
Okay, please confirm your booking for 7:45 pm for 2 people.
That sounds good to me.
Sorry but I could not make a reservation. Biryani Pot is a good restaurant. Do you want to make a reservation for 2 people on March 13th at 7:30 pm?
That works fine for me.
Your reservation has been made.
Thanks so much. Could I get a cab there? I need to get to 39277 Cedar Boulevard.
What sort of ride is best for you? You can choose pool or regular or something else.
Find me a regular ride.
Okay, so you want to ride to 39277 Cedar Boulevard and you need 2 seats in a regular ride.
Yes, that is great. What are the costs and how long will it take for the cab to get here?
I booked your ride and the cab is on the way. It will be there in 6 minutes and costs $17.85.
Thank you for helping. That is what I needed.
Have a good day.
I am in a nice mood and I want to eat something out side for which I need your help to fine some nice place.
Do your have any preferred City to search for the restaurant and also let me know your interested category of food like Indian, American or anything else?
I love Seafood and I like to have the similar one and please search it in Pittsburg.
Found 1 result for the sea food restaurant that is Red Lobster in Pittsburg. How about that?
Yes, that is the one I am looking for.
Do you want me to book the table there now?
Yes, I need to reserve a table in that Restaurant.
Let me know which is your convenient time to book for the table in that Seafood restaurant.
I want to book it at Morning 11:45.
Please confirm to book a table for 2 at Red Lobster restaurant in Pittsburg on March 1st at 11:45 am.
That is confirmed to proceed.
Sorry, I could not book the table in Red Lobster restaurant at that time. Shall I book it for another time that is 12 pm on the same day on March 1st for 2 persons?
Yes, that is also okay for me.
I have reserved the table as per your requirement.
Thanks for your help. Now I want to book a Cab to go to 4095 Century Boulevard. I need to book the Cab with luxury ride for 1 person.
Need your confirmation to book the Cab with Luxury ride for 1 person to 4095 Century Boulevard.
That is confirmed to proceed further.
I have booked the cab and the same will reach you soon.
What will be the time taken by the Cab to reach my place?
It will reach you within 10 minutes.
What is the cost for that ride?
It costs $26.24.
Thanks for all that information. That's all I want.
Have a good day.
I'm looking for a quick bite.
What type of food, exactly? Mexican, Indian, something else?
I'd love to have some to-go food.
In what city should I search?
I'll be in SF.
I found 7 to-go restaurants in San Francisco. There's Golden Gate Indian Cuisine & Pizza, for one.
That one sounds good.
Want to book a table?
Sure. I'll book a table.
At what time?
At half past 1 in the afternoon?
Okay. You want a table for 2 at Golden Gate Indian Cuisine & Pizza in San Francisco for 1:30 pm on March 1st?
Indeed. Do they serve alcohol? What's the typical cost?
I booked the table. Have a great time there! Their cost is moderate, and they do serve alcohol.
Thanks a ton. I don't have my own transportation at the moment. Can you get me a cab to 4038 Judah Street?
Sure. Regular, luxury, or some other type of ride?
Make it a pool ride. And actually, I want to go to 3221 South White Road.
Okay, you want a pool ride for 2 to 3221 South White Road?
That is correct.
I booked your ride. The cab will arrive soon.
Thanks for the help. That's all I need for now.
Have yourself a fantastic day!
I will be meeting with some friends to eat, where do you recommend to go?
What type of cuisine are you looking for? Chinese, Indian, or which one?
We are big fans of Cantonese food. Is there anything like that?
Where do you want to look for?
Find something in Santa Clara.
There are 5 possible restaurants you might like. How about Chef Ming's in Santa Clara?
Sure, lets go with that one. I want to book a table for three people. Make it for the 12th of this month at 5 pm.
Please confirm: Booking a table for 3 people on March 12th at 5 pm at Chef Ming's in Santa Clara.
That sounds great.
The reservation has been booked.
Thanks a lot, I will also need a cab to get there.
Is your destination 61 Washington Street?
Yes, that is correct.
Do you want a Luxury or Regular ride? You can choose any other type of ride.
Please find a Pool ride.
Please confirm: Getting a Pool cab for 3 people to go to 61 Washington Street.
That is correct.
The cab is on its way.
How long until it arrives to my location? What will be the price?
It has a cost of $24.96 and it will arrive in 8 minutes.
Thanks a lot, that would be all.
Have a great day.
Hi, could you help me search for a place to eat which serves burger and alcohol?
Sure, any preference on the restaurant location?
I would like Japanese food located in Pleasanton please.
How about Meiko Sushi in Pleasanton?
Are there any economical priced alternatives?
Would you like to eat at P.f. Chang's restaurant in Pleasanton?
May I have their address please? Also, do they play live music at their venue?
You can visit them at 1330 Stoneridge Mall Road, and unfortunately, they do not play live music.
Sure, this is fine with me.
Do you require further assistance?
Sure, could you make a reservation on 13th of this month please?
May I know what time would you like to dine in at?
Could you make a reservation at afternoon 1:45 please?
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 2 people at P.F. Chang's at Pleasanton at 1:45 pm on March 13th.
Sure, may I have their contact number please?
You can contact them 925-224-9916. Unfortunately, I am not able to make a reservation for you. Would you like a reservation for 2 people at P.F. Chang's at Pleasanton at 1:30 pm on March 13th instead?
Sure, this is fine for me as well.
Your reservation has been made.
Thank you. Could you get me a luxury cab ride there please?
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 2 seats on a luxury ride to 1330 Stoneridge Mall Road.
Sure, this is fine with me.
Your ride has been booked and is currently on its way!
Sure, thank you for your kind assistance.
Do you require any further help?
No, that is all I need. Thank you!
No worries, have a great day ahead!
I would like to find a restaurant?
In which city should I search?
I would like to find a restaurant in south San Francisco.
What kind of food are you looking for?
I would like some Filipino kind of food.
There are 5 restaurants. There is Fort Mckinley Restaurant, Bar & Banquet located in south San Francisco.
Yes, can you make a reservation for three people at 12:30 on the 6th of March?
Booking a table for 3 at Fort McKinley Restaurant, Bar & Banquet on March 6th at 12:30 pm in South San Francisco.
Yes, that is perfect. Do they have live music?
Your reservation was made and yes, they have live music.
What is their phone number and address?
Their phone number is 650-871-2222 and they are located at 101 Brentwood Drive.
Can you get me a cab or pool ride?
Pool ride to 101 brentwood drive for 3 people?
Yes, that is perfect.
Your ride is on the way.
Thank you for your help.
Have a good day.
I want to spoil myself. Please find a costly restaurant that sells Italian food please.
Where do you want to look for?
Find something in Fremont.
There is a restaurant in Fremont called Massimo's.
Sure, that sounds good. Make a reservation for the 14th of March.
At what time?
Make it for the morning 11 for 1 person.
Please confirm: Booking a table for 1 person on March 14th at 11 am at Massimo's in Fremont.
That is correct. Do they serve liquor? And how can I contact the restaurant?
The reservation has been done. Their phone number is 510-792-2000 and they so not serve alcohol.
I will need a cab to get there.
What type of ride do you want? It can be a Luxury or Pool ride or any other type.
I would like a Pool ride.
Is your destination 5200 Mowry Avenue Ste M?
Yes it is.
Please confirm: Getting a pool ride cab for 1 person to go to 5200 Mowry Avenue Ste M.
That is correct.
The cab is on its way.
Thanks a lot. How long until the cab arrives? And how much will it be?
It will arrive in 9 minutes and it has a cost of $16.70
Thanks a lot, that would be all.
Have a great day.
Could you assist me in finding a place to eat in Redwood City?
Sure, what food are you looking for?
I would like something on the lines of Izakaya please.
There are 2 restaurants, one of which is Sakura 2 Teppanyaki And Sushi in Redwood City.
Sure, this is fine with me.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Sure, please do so, thanks!
When will you intend to dine there?
I will be dining there at 19:00.
Please confirm your reservation for 2 at March 1st on 7 pm at Sakura 2 Teppanyaki And Sushi at Redwood City.
Sure, do you know if they play live music.
Your reservation has been made, and unfortunately they do not play live music.
I see, could you get me a taxi ride there then?
Will you be travelling to 373 Main Street?
Yes, I will be travelling there.
Any preference on the type of ride?
Yes, I would prefer a Luxury ride please.
Please confirm your booking for 2 seats on a luxury ride to 373 Main Street.
Sorry, could you instead book a Pool ride to 333 South Park Plaza Drive instead?
Sure please confirm your Pool ride to 333 South Park Plaza Drive.
Yes, this is fine.
Your booking has been made and is on its way to you now.
Thanks so much for your kind assistance.
No worries, could I further assist you?
No, thank you very much!
No problem, have a great day ahead!
I need a place to grab a bite to eat.
Where? And what kind of food.
Look for Japanese in Pacifica.
I would recommend 8 sushi in Pacifica.
That sounds like a winner.
Should I book a table?
Yes. A table for 1 on March 13th.
For what time?
Seven in the evening.
A table for 1 at 8 sushi in Pacifica at 7 pm on March 13th?
That sounds right.
You are booked.
Could you get me a taxi there?
To 2470 Skyline Boulevard? A Luxury or Pool one?
That's correct. Lets go luxury this time.
OK. 1 luxury ride to 2470 Skyline Boulevard. Confirm?
Confirmed. Whats the damage? And how long does it take to get there?
The taxi is on its way. It will be $31.81. It should be an 8 minute ride.
Great. Thank you.
What else do you have?
Nothing. Take a break.
I will. Thanks.
find me some good place to eat and that should not very costly priced?
in which city i should search for?what kind of food do you like whether indian, american or any other thing?
i need in san jose and i like noodles kind of food.
There is a nice restaurant name Chef Li located in San jose.
Will you find any other restaurant?
How about china delight which is a nice restaurant located in san jose?
ok that works for me.
Whether i need to reserve a table over there?
Ok will you make a reservation for 1 people and make it at evening 7 ?
please check and review the following details. Book a table at china delight in city san jose and the reservation is at 7 pm for 1 people on date March 1st.
Ok that works for me. Do they serve liquor and they have live music?
reservation is successful. they do not serve alcohol and they do not have live music.
thanks a lot . will you find a cab over there?
ok whether you prefer any type of ride? what about 5813 cottle road?
ok that works fine. i prefer a luxury ride.
please confirm the following details. Ride to 5813 cottle road and you need 1 seat and you prefer luxury ride.
no i want a ride to vina enoteca. i prefer a pool ride.
ok please confirm the following details. You want a ride to vina enoteca, and prefer a pool ride.
ok that works for me . how much does it cost and how long before the cab reaches here?
booked your ride and the cab is on the way. The ride costs $11.59 and the cab is expected in 5 minutes.
thanks a lot for your immense help.
whether i need to find any other thing?
no , thanks for now.
take care have a good day
I want to eat somewhere! I want Barbecue!
In what city?
In SF.
I found 10 restaurants that you may like. One is called 1760 in San Francisco.
Do they have alcohol?
Yes, they serve alcohol!
What is the address?
1760 Polk Street.
Yes, make a reservation there.
What time do want it?
At afternoon 12:45.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table for 2 at 1760 in San Francisco for March 1st at 12:45 pm.
No, make it for next Monday at 10:45 am.
Please confirm the following details: The reservation is for March 4th at 10:45 am.
No for 4 people.
Please confirm the following: the reservation is for 4 people on March 4th.
Yes, are the prices very fancy?
Their prices are expensive. Sorry the reservation was unsuccessful. Shall I try again at 1760? This time it be at 11 am for 4 people on March 4th.
Yes, that works well.
Your reservation was successful!
Can you call me a luxury cab?
Please confirm the following details: Booking 4 seats on a luxury ride to 1760 Polk Street.
Yes that works for me!
I booked the ride and you cab will meet you soon.
Thanks a lot for the help! Goodbye!
Have a great day!
I am really hungry and I enjoy expensive food. I could really use some Gastropub food.
What city are you looking at?
Check for something in SF.
In San Francisco I can recommend the Sessions At The Presidio restaurant.
Give me some other restaurant.
Would you like The Dorian restaurant in San Francisco?
Find out if they have live music and if they offer liquor?
They won't have live music but they do have alcohol.
That is fine. Book me a table at that restaurant.
What time should I make the booking for?
I will be there at 18:15.
So you want a table for 2 at The Dorian in San Francisco. You will be there at 6:15 pm on March 1st. Is that right?
Perfect. Give me their phone number.
Their contact number will be 415-814-2671. I failed to book you a table, sorry! Would you like me to reserve a table for 2 at The Dorian restaurant on March 1st at 6 pm instead?
That will also work.
I have made your reservation.
Give me the location address.
It is on the 2001 Chestnut Street.
Thanks. I would need a cab to go there. I want a Luxury car,
So you want a Luxury ride for 2 people to 2001 Chestnut Street?
Right. What will it cost me?
The cab is booked and it is enroute. It will cost you $35.71
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else you need?
Nope. Thanks for everything.
Have a great day!
Can you please help me to find a good restaurant?
What cuisine do you prefer? American, Chinese or something else?
Anything is fine as long as it is Non meat food.
In which city are you planning to dine?
Find me a restaurant in Pleasant Hill that has live music.
El Morocco is a nice restaurant in Pleasant Hill, which has live music and vegetarian options.
That sounds like a plan!
Shall I reserve a table for you there?
Yes, please get me a table for two on the 7th of this month.
When do you plan to arrive at the restaurant?
I;ll be there at six pm.
Reserving a table for 2 at El Morocco in Pleasant Hill at 6 pm on March 7th; shall I proceed?
Yes, please go ahead.
Your table has been reserved successfully. Enjoy the food and ambiance!
Can you get me a cab to go there?
Would you prefer a Luxury ride or a Regular ride?
Can you get me a Pool ride please?
Please confirm that you are going to 2203 Morello Avenue.
Yes, that's where I am headed to.
Booking a Pool ride for 2 to 2203 Morello Avenue.
Hold on. I've changed my plan and I need a cab for 4 to Luca Cucina Italiana.
Okay. So, you need a cab for 4 to Luca Cucina Italiana. Correct?
That's right. How much will the ride cost and how long before the cab gets here?
The cab has been booked and it should arrive in 9 minutes. The cab fare is $13.06.
Thank you for the assistance. That's all for now.
Have a great day!
I want to find a place where I can enjoy eating something.
Is there a specific kind of food you would enjoy? It can be Italian, American, or something else. Is there a particular city where you want me to look for the restaurant?
I would be fine with having some Taiwanese food. Though keep in mind that the restaurant should serve alcohol and be located in SFO.
There are 10 restaurants which match what you want. A good restaurant in San Francisco is Bamboo Restaurant.
Can you give me their phone number? Can you tell me if the price range of the restaurant is considered as costly?
The price range of the restaurant is considered as inexpensive. The phone number you can use to call them is 415-775-3679.
Is there some other restaurant you can suggest? The restaurant I am looking for should be afforadable priced.
Another good restaurant which I can suggest is Chili House Sf in San Francisco.
That would suit me well.
Do you want to make a reservation for a table at this restaurant?
Yes I want to book a table at this restaurant.
Can you tell me the time for when you want the reservation be made for?
I want for the reservation to be for seven in the evening.
Can you please confirm that you want to book a table for 2 people at Chili House Sf in San Francisco at 7 pm on March 1st?
That's not right, because I want the reservation to be for Saturday this week.
Can you please once again confirm that you want to have a table booked at Chili House Sf for March 2nd?
That suits me well. Can you give me their phone number?
Your request for a booked table at the restaurant has been made. If you want to call them you can at 415-387-2658.
I need you to find me a cab to go there. I want to arrive at 726 Clement Street. Also I want the cab to be a Pool ride.
Can you please confirm that you want to have 2 seats in a pool ride to go to 726 Clement Street?
That's what I want.
Your request for a cab has been made, and it is already on the way.
I appreciate your help very much. That would be all.
Have a wonderful time.
Hello! I'm looking to have my dinner in a good Taiwanese restaurant. Do you have any suggestions?
Where is your location?
I'm looking in Hayward.
Okay! I can find 7 restaurants suitable to you. The best one in Hayward is Chef's Experience China Bistro, that provides the standards of Chinese cuisine, including dim sum items, served in a spacious dining room. Do you wish to dine here?
Is there any other restaurant which is average priced?
Yup, there is a Sprawling Japanese restaurant, named Hinata Sushi Buffet, with an outdoor deck featuring all-you-can-eat sushi & other seafood. The restaurant is at Hayward. Do you wish to dine here?
Do they have phone number? Where is their exact location?
They are located at 1071 B Street and you can reach them at 510-881-8868.
Yup! Sounds great to me.
So, would you like to reserve a table for your dinner, here?
Yup! I wish to reserve a table here.
At what time you wish to go for your dinner?
Please can you make it at 7:45 in the evening?
Sure! Please confirm me that you wish to book a table at Hinata Sushi Buffet, in Hayward at 7:45 pm on March 1st for 2 people, right?
Yup, you're correct.
Sorry I couldn't reserve the booking for 7 pm. Can I make the reseravation at 7:30 pm on March 1st for 2 people at the hotel Hinata Sushi Buffet? Will that be okay for you?
Yup, please go ahead.
Okay! I've made your reservation successfully.
I wish to know whether they serve liquor?
Nope, they do not serve alcohol
Thanks much. Is there any ride to reach that place?
Yup! Do you wish to take a Luxury or Regular ride? What type of ride you want to have?
Regular ride would be fine.
Please can you confirm me that you wish to take a Regular ride to 1071 B Street and you wish to accommodate 2 persons, right?
Yup, you're correct. What's the price for the cab? What's the wait time for the cab to reach here?
The ride will cost $22.97 in total and your expected waiting time is 7 minutes. Your ride is booked and the cab is on your way.
Thanks a bunch for your help.
It's my pleasure. Do you need anything else to help with?
Nope, thanks much.
Have a fantastic day.
I'm meeting some friends for dinner. Where should we go eat?
What city is convenient for you?
We'll be in Los Gatos?
Would you prefer, Indian, Italian, or something else?
I want some kind of Lobster dish.
I found 3 options in the Los Gatos area. The first is Billy's Boston Chowder House.
Can we get drinks there, too? Where are they located?
They have a full bar and they are located at 29 East Main Street.
That sounds awesome!
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, but I guess it is just me after all, so for one person. Make it for the 11th of March at evening 7:30. (evening 7:30 is a not a natural statement).
You want a table for 1 at Billy's Boston Chowder House in Los Gatos for 7:30 PM on March 11th. Is this correct?
Yes. is this a fancy restaurant, based on price?
The price range of this restauarant is moderate. Your reservation is confirmed.
Ok. I'm going to need a ride there. Can you book me a Luxury cab?
You wnat a Luxury ride to 29 East Main Street for 1 person. is this correct?
Yes. How much is that expected to cost?
This ride will cost $27.74. I have hailed your ride an it will arrive in approximately 10 minutes.
Sweet! Thanks.
Do you require anything else?
Nope. I'm good for now.
Let me know if in you need anything more.
I am looking for an Asian restaurant in Santa Rosa.
Best of Burma is one of 3 options in Santa Rosa.
Okay. Sounds great.
Do you want me to reserve a table?
Yes. Please book a table.
For what time?
Half past 1 in the afternoon works for me.
Please confirm you want me to book a table for 2 at Best of Burma in Santa Rosa on March 1st at 1:30 pm.
Yes. That is correct.
Your booking was a success.
I also need a taxi to take me there.
Is your destination 528 7th Street and what is your preferred ride type?
Yes that's right and a regular ride works.
Please confirm you want me to book a regular ride for 2 going to 528 7th Street.
Okay. In how long will the taxi arrive and what's the cost?
The booking was successful and will arrive in approximately 3 minutes. The total is $14.34.
Thanks. That's all.
Please enjoy your day.
Can you find me a good restaurant?
In which city are you planning to dine and what cuisine do you prefer?
Find me some Spanish food in or around Union City.
There is 1 restaurant called Pinoy Handaan in Union City.
Is alcohol served there?
Yes, they do serve alcohol.
Do they have live music? Can you get me their address?
Sorry, they do not have live music. Their address is 31014 Union City Boulevard.
Thank you. That sounds good.
Shall I reserve a table for you there?
Yes, please. Get me a table.
At what time do you plan to arrive at the restaurant?
I'll be there by 7:30 in the evening on the 1st of March.
Please confirm that you want a table for 2 at the Pinoy Handaan restaurant in Union City at 7:30 pm on March 1st.
That sounds perfect. Can I have their contact number please?
Your table has been reserved successfully. Their phone number is 650-580-5111.
Thanks a bunch! Can you get me a cab to go there?
Do you have any ride preferences?
I don't mind a Pool ride.
Please confirm that you want a Pool ride for 2 people to 31014 Union City Boulevard.
That's correct. How long before the cab arrives?
Your can has been booked and it should arrive in 5 minutes.
Thank you for the assistance. That'll be all for now.
Have a great day!
I want to eat out in San Jose, preferable at somewhere not very costly.
Would you like italian or indian food? Or maybe something else?
I want to try some latin american food.
Chacho's is a lovely restaurant in San Jose.
What number can I get them at and what is their location?
The number is 408-293-4321 and the location is 87 east san fernando street.
Can you recommend somewhere else.
How about Chevys Fresh mex in San Jose?
That would be fine. Make me a reservation.
For what time?
5 o"clock in the evening.
You would like a table for 2 at Chevys fresh mex in San jose for 5 pm on March 1st?
That would be fine. Is alcohol served?
No, it is not. I have made the reservation.
What is the address?
It is on 5305 almaden expressway.
Thanks a lot. I would need a cab to get there.
What kind of ride would you like?
A pool ride.
You want a pool ride for 2 heading to 5305 almaden expressway?
That would be great.
Your cab will arrive shortly.
Thanks very much. There's nothing else.
Enjoy your day.
I am tired of this house. I want to go out to eat.
In which city?
In half moon bay.
What kind of cuisine?
I am in the mood for indian food.
There is a lovely restaurant in half moon bay called india beach.
That would be great. I want to eat there.
At what time?
Book it for 18:30
You would like a table for 2 at india beach in half moon bay for 6:30 pm on March 1st.
Yes, that would be fine.
I have made the reservation.
Is there live music.
Yes, there is.
Thanks a lot. I need a cab to get there.
Would kind of ride would you like to your destination on 425 avenue alhambra?
I want a regular ride.
You want a regular ride for 2 at 425 avenue alhambra?
That would be goo.
Your cab will arrive shortly.
How long would it take to get here? How much does the ride cost?
The cab will be there in 4 minutes and the price is $23.09.
Ok then. Thanks.
Enjoy your day.
I'm hungry. Can you find somewhere I can eat?
What kind of food? Mexican, Italian? In which city?
Breakfast in Pleasanton would be great, please.
I found 1 restaurant. Beer Baron Bar & Kitchen in Pleasanton.
So they serve alcohol? What's their address?
They do. They're located at 336 Saint Mary Street.
That works. Please set a reservation for me.
In what time?
At 10:30 am please.
So a table for 2 at the Beer Baron Bar & Kitchen in Pleasanton on March 1st at 10:30 am?
Actually, make it at evening 5:30.
So a table at the restaurant in Pleasanton on 5:30 pm?
Yes, that's it.
Your reservation was successful.
Can you help me book a cab to get there?
Sure. Do you prefer a Pool ride, a Luxury ride or something else?
Regular ride is fine.
So a regular ride to 336 Saint Mary Street for 2?
Actually, change it for a Pool ride.
So a Pool ride to 336 Saint Mary Street?
That's correct.
Your cab is booked and on the way.
Thanks a lot. That's all I need.
Have an amazing day.
I am feeling hungry, so I want to find a restaurant to eat in San Carlos.
Is there some specific kind of food you want to have at the restaurant?
I would enjoy the Brunch kind of food.
There is 1 restaurant which matches what you want. I can suggest West Park Bistro which is a good restaurant in San Carlos.
I like this restaurant, and I would like to make a reservation for two people on Wednesday next week at half past 5 in the evening.
Can you please confirm that you want to book a table for 2 people at West Park Bistro restaurant in San Carlos on March 6th at 5:30 pm.
That suits me well. Can you check if they have live music, and also tell me how pricey are they?
Your table has been booked. The price range of the restaurant is considered as moderate. Unfortunately they do not have live music there.
I appreciate it very much.
Is there something else you want me to help you with?
I need a cab to go there. My destination is 788 Laurel Street.
Is there a specific kind of ride you prefer?
I want to have a Pool ride to go to Hollywood Wax Museum(r).
Can you please confirm that you want to have 2 seats in a Pool ride to go to Hollywood Wax Museum(r)?
That suits me well. Can you tell me how much the cab will cost?
I apologize, but I could not find the ride you wanted at this moment. Is there something else I can do to help you?
Alright, can you try getting me another cab? A Luxury ride can be fine.
Can you please confirm that you want 2 seats in a Luxury ride to go to Hollywood Wax Museum(r)?
That's right. Can you tell me how long will it take for the cab to come here? How much will this ride cost me?
Unfortunately I could not get the ride you wanted at this moment. Is there something else you want me to help you with?
Nothing. I appreciate your help very much.
Have a wonderful time!
I am looking for an average priced restaurant in SF please.
Would you like Mexican, Italian, or something else?
Taiwanese would be great!
Beijing Restaurant is in San Francisco.
That would be great.
Would you like a reservation?
Yes please, for 3 people on March 8th at 12:30 pm.
Okay you want to book a table at Beijing restaurant on March 8th at 12:30 pm for 3 people in San Francisco, correct?
Yes, do they have live music? Can you get me their number?
Your reservation has been made. The number is 415-333-8182. They do not have music.
Can you get me a cab ride to 1801 Alemany Boulevard?
Would you like luxury or regular. Or anything else?
I want a luxury ride please.
Okay you want a luxury ride for 3 to 1801 Alemany Boulevard, correct?
Yes, what time will it arrive? What's the total?
I booked your ride. The total is $45.03 and it arrives in 14 minutes.
Thanks, that's all.
Have a great day.
Can you help me find somewhere to eat that is not very costly?
Where should I look?
I want to go somewhere in Walnut Creek.
What kind of food sounds good?
I'd like to eat a burrito or something.
I found 3 places you might like. How about Fuego Tequila Grill in Walnut Creek?
Could you suggest something else, perhaps in SF?
I found 10 restaurants that match your search. How about Arguello in San Francisco?
Yeah that sounds good. I'd like to make a reservation there.
What time would you like the reservation?
Let's make it for afternoon 1:30.
Okay, so you would like a reservation for 2 people at Arguello in San Francisco for 1:30 pm on March 1st. Is that correct?
Yeah that sounds good.
I'm sorry but I was unable to make a reservation for that time. Can I help you with something else?
I'd like to try making a reservation again, but try it for evening 7.
So you'd like a reservation for 2 people a Arguello in San Francisco for 7 pm on March 1st, is that correct?
Yeah that's good. What is their phone number?
I was able to make your reservation. You can reach them at 415-561-3650.
Great, can you also call me a cab to get there? There is only one person and I prefer a pool ride. The destination is 50 Moraga Avenue.
Okay, so you would like a cab for 1 person, in a pool ride, going to 50 Moraga Avenue. Is that correct?
Yes that sounds good.
Your cab is book and is on the way.
When will it arrive?
It should be there in 4 minutes.
What was the cost?
The ride was a total of $10.52.
Okay, thanks for the help.
Sure, can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need, thanks.
Alright, have a nice day!
Find me a place to eat.
Do you want Mexican, Indian or another type of food and what city do you want to eat in?
Find me some Brasserie in SF.
Belga serves Brasserie in San Francisco.
What is their price range?
Their prices are moderate.
What else do you have?
Marlowe is a restaurant in San Francisco.
That is great.
Shall I make reservations for you?
Yes, book me a table.
What time do you want to eat?
I want to eat at half past 7 in the evening.
You want a reservation for 2 at Marlowe in San Francisco on March 1st at 7:30 pm. Is that right?
Yes, that is right.
Your table is booked.
Are they pricey?
Their prices are expensive.
Is there live entertainment?
No, there is no live entertainment.
Thanks a lot. I need a Regular cab ride to 500 Brannan Street.
You want a Regular cab ride for 2 people to 500 Brannan Street. Is that correct?
Yes, that is correct. How long will the cab take to get here and what is the total price?
Your ride is ordered and it is coming right now. The total bill is $15.61 and your wait time is only 5 minutes.
Thanks a bunch. That is all.
Have a good day.
I want to find a burger joint.
In which city?
In Mountain View.
Eureka! restaurant is in Mountain View.
Are there any others?
Michaels at Shoreline is also in Mountain View.
Is liquor served there? What's their address?
Alcohol is served there. Their address is 2960 North Shoreline Boulevard.
Are there any other restaurants in the moderate price range?
Paul Martin's America Mountain View is in Mountain View.
That one sound good.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to book a table for the day after tomorrow.
For what time?
I need it for three at 6 in the evening.
Please confirm you want me to book a table for 3 on March 3rd at Paul Martin's America Mountain View in Mountain View at 6 pm.
Sounds great. Can I get their address?
Their address is 545 San Antonio Road Suite 31. Your reservation was a success.
Thanks. I will need a regular taxi ride to go there.
Please confirm you want me to book a regular ride to 545 San Antonio Road Suite 31 for 3.
Yes. That is correct.
Your ride was successfully booked.
What is the total?
The total is $35.44.
How long for the cab to arrive?
The cab will arrive in approximately 7 minutes.
Thanks for everything.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. Thanks. That's all.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Find me a reasonably priced place to eat.
What city do I need to look in? What sort of food are you looking for? Say something like Mexican, Indian or something else.
I would like a restaurant in Daly City. Pizza and Pasta would be excellent.
Papa Ray's Pizza is a good restaurant in Daly City.
Is live music available?
There is no live music.
Is liquor served?
No liquor is served.
That sounds good to me.
Do you want a table here?
Yes, make me a reservation.
What time would the reservation be for?
Make it for March 13th at evening 6:30.
Okay, confirm that you want to book a table at Papa Ray's Pizza in Daly City at 6:30 pm. The reservation is for 2 on March 13th.
Yes, that is fine.
Your reservation has been made.
What is the phone number?
Their phone number is 415-468-5300.
Could you tell me their address?
The address is 2731 Geneva Avenue.
Thanks. Would you get me a pool ride in a cab there?
Please confirm that you want to have a ride to 2731 Geneva Avenue and that you need 2 seats in a pool ride.
That sounds good to me. How long before the cab gets here?
I have booked your cab. It is coming and it will be there in about 7 minutes.
Thank you for helping.
Would I be able to help with anything else?
No. Thank you for helping, though.
Have a great day.
Can you help me find somewhere to eat?
Sure, what city do you want to eat in?
Look in San Jose.
Okay, which type of food do you want?
I want Lobster.
There's Ariake in San Jose.
Oh perfect, that works.
Should I reserve you a table?
Yeah, make a reservation for three at 6:30 pm.
Okay, please confirm you'd like me to book a table for 3 at Ariake in San Jose for 6:30 pm on March 1st.
Yes, all of that is right.
I've made your reservation successfully.
Thanks, can you book me a luxury ride there?
Will the ride be to 1008 Blossom Hill Road?
Yup, that's right.
Okay, can you confirm you'd like a luxury cab for 3 to 1008 Blossom Hill Road?
Yup, how much will it be and how long until it gets here?
Your ride is on the way and will be here in 8 minutes. It'll cost $33.20.
Thanks, that's all for now.
Have a good rest of your day.
I am looking for a reasonably priced place to eat in sebastopol
Any specific food preferences? Italian, American or something else.
I would love a burger, no price preferences
I have found 2 restaurants in sebastopol, fork roadhouse is a good place.
That sounds good.
Should I reserve a table there?
Yes, I want a table for 4 on 14th of March
What time should I book it for?
Half past 5 in the evening works for me
Booking a table for 4 at fork roadhouse sebastopol on march 14th at 5:30 pm.
sounds good to me
Your booking is confirmed.
Thanks, can I also get a cab for there?
Sure, the venue is 9890 bodega highway RIGHT?
That is correct
Ride preferences? Pool or luxury?
A pool ride would be fine.
Booking a pool ride for 4 to 9890 bodega highway
Sounds about right
The cab is on its way
How long would it take? What is the cost?
The cab would be here in 7 minutes and costs $25.66
Thanks for your help. That would be all.
Have a fantastic day.
Im looking for a restaurant with Southern food in Half Moon Bay.
Cetrella is locaed in Half Moon Bay.
What is the price range is it affordable?
The price range is very expensive.
Yes, that works for me.
Would you like to reserve a table at the restaurant?
Yes, I would like to make a reservation.
What time would you like your reservation?
I would like to go in the morning 11:45 just for 1 person.
Booking a table for 1 person at Cetrella in Half Moon Bay at 11:45 am on March 1st.
I would like it for next Thursday.
The city is half moon bay and the date is March 7th?
Yes, that is correct. Do they have live music?
I was unable to book a table at that time for 1 person at Cetrella, would you like to go at 12 pm on March 7th?
Yes, that works for me.
Your table was booked.
Can you get me a ride at 845 Main Street, a pool ride.
1 pool ride for 845 Main street.
That is correct what is the cost?
Your cab is booked and the cost is $11.11.
Thank you, that is all I needed.
Have a good day.
Can you have me find a nice restaurant?
What kind of cuisine are you in the mood for? For example, Mexican or American. And in which city should I conduct my search?
A good Lobster place in SF would be great.
I was able to locate 10 restaurants for you. One of which, Akiko's Sushi Bar is located in San Francisco.
That sounds great.
Should I reserve a table for you?
Yes, that's be great. Make it for one person on the 3rd of March for the afternoon 12:45.
To confirm: You'd like a reservation for 1 person on March 3rd at 12:45 pm at Akiko's Sushi Bar in San Francisco, correct?
Yes, that is correct.
Sorry, that reservation wasn't available at Akiko's Sushi Bar. Should I make it for 1 person on March 3rd at 12:30 pm instead?
Yeah, that's fine.
Your reservation is confirmed.
Thanks so much for your help. Can I get a car there?
You're going to 542 A Mason Street?
Yes, that's the destination.
Would you prefer a shared ride?
Sure. I'm okay with a shared ride.
To confirm: You'd like a shared ride for 1 person to 542 A Mason Street, correct?
Yes, that's correct. How long will it take me to get there?
Your car is confirmed and on its way. Your ride will take 24 minutes.
Thanks again for all of your help.
Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, thank you. That'll be all.
Enjoy your day.
Can you help me find a Szcheuan restaurant to eat at?
Where should I look?
I'd like something in Morgan Hill.
There's a nice play in Morgan Hill called China Palace Restaurant.
Is there liquor served there?
They do not serve any liquor?
Where are they located?
They are located at 65 West Main Avenue.
Are there any other places you could suggest?
Sure, how about Pearl River Restaurant in Morgan Hill?
That sounds better. I'd like to make a reservation there for 10:45 am.
So you would like to make a reservation a Pearl River Restaurant in Morgan hill for 2 people at 10:45 am on March 1st. Is that correct?
I'd like to make it at 5:30 in the evening instead.
Okay, so a reservation for 2 at 5:30 pm, is that correct?
Yeah that sounds good.
Your reservation is confirmed.
What is their phone number?
You can reach them at 408-778-9898.
Thanks. Can you find me a cab to get to 233 West Main Avenue?
Is a shared ride okay?
Yeah, that would be fine.
So you would like a cab for 2 people to 233 West Main Avenue, and are fine with a shared ride, is that correct?
Sure, that sounds good. How much will that cost?
I've booked your cab and it is on the way. The cost will be $14.50.
How long will it take to get there?
The trip is about 14 minutes.
Thank you for the help, that'll be all for now.
Okay, enjoy the rest of your day!
Can you help me find a place to eat?
In which city?
Something in Alameda please.
What type of food?
Something reasonably priced. Preferably Cuban cuisine.
I found 1 restaurant. Habanas Cuban Cuisine is a nice place in Alameda.
Yes, that sounds great to me.
Do you want to reserve a table?
Yes please, I'd like a table on the 10th.
At what time?
How about eleven am?
Please confirm: A table for 2 on March 10th at 11 am at Habanas Cuban Cuisine in Alameda.
Sounds great.
I reserved your table.
I need a cab to go there, 1518 Park Street.
Is a shared ride okay?
That's fine with me.
Please confirm: a shared ride for 2 people to 1518 Park Street.
Yes, that's perfect.
The ride is booked. The cab is on it's way.
How long will the ride be?
It should take around 22 minutes.
Thanks for the help, that'll be all for now.
Have a excellent day!
Could you help me find a good place to eat at that is not very costly and maybe has a diner atmosphere?
What city are you looking for?
Something in Forestville.
There is 1 restaurant in Forestville that comes to mind called Backyard.
Could you set a reservation there for the 10th of this month?
Which time works best for you?
Could you set the appointment for 17:30 military time?
Okay, so at the Backyard in Forestville you would like an appointment at 5:30 Pm on March 10th for 2, could you confirm this?
That sounds great!
The reservation was just made for you.
Thanks a lot, and could you also set up a cab to pick me up then to take me to 6566 Front Street?
Could the ride be shared?
That works for me.
So would you like a cab for 2 to take you to 6566 Front Street?
Yes please, what amount of time would I be riding int he cab for?
The cab ride is only about 30 minutes in length and has been set upf or you just now.
That is great, thank you.
Would you like any help with anything else?
Not right now, thanks again.
Okay then, enjoy the rest of your day.
I would like to find a place to eat.
What sort of food do you want to eat? How about Mexican, Chinese, or something else? What city should I look in?
A burrito would be great. Check in San Mateo.
Celia's is a good restaurant in San Mateo.
Do you know of ay others?
El Sinaloense Restaurant is another nice restaurant in San Mateo.
That works for me. Make a reservation at that restaurant.
For what time?
Make it for 12:30 in the afternoon for 3 people.
Okay, confirm that you want to book a table for 3 people on March 1st at 12:30 pm at El Sinaloense Restaurant in San Mateo.
That is good.
Sorry, but the reservation didn't go thorugh. Do you want to book at El Sinaloense Restaurant for 3 peopleon March 1st at 1 pm?
That should work.
Your reservation was made successfully.
I would like to get a cab to go there.
Are you going to 1622 Palm Avenue and do you need a shared ride?
That seems okay.
And you do want a shared ride?
A shared ride is okay.
Could you confirm that you are going to 1622 Palm Avenue and do you need a shared ride for 3?
That is fine.
Your ride was successfully booked and a cab is coming.
How much will it be and how long is the ride?
It costs $29.62 and the ride is about 14 minutes.
Thank you for helping.
Do you want help with something else?
No, that's it. Thank you for helping me.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you find me a place to eat and drink some alcohol?
Sure, what type of food would you like?
I'd like to eat some seafood thanks.
Which city will you eat in?
Please check Mountain View.
Okay, how about Kappo Nami Nami in Mountain View?
How can I contact them? Is it very expensive?
No, their price is moderate. You can call them on 650-964-6990.
Thanks a look, please make a reservation.
What time would you like to book?
I'd like to go at 19:30.
Okay, please confirm that you'd like a table for 2 at Kappo Nami Nami in Mountain View from 7:30 pm on March 1st.
Yes that's perfect. Do they have a band?
Your reservation is complete. No, they don't have live music.
What's the address of the restaurant?
It's at 240 Castro Street.
Thanks, can you get me a cab there? A shared ride is fine.
Okay, please confirm that you'd like a shared cab for 2 people to 240 Castro Street.
Yes, that's correct.
Okay, the cab is on the way.
Thanks, that'll be all.
No problem, bye.
Find me a place to eat.
What sort of food do you want to eat? Say something like Italian, Indian or something else.
I am in the mood for Korean Hot pot.
In which city should I look?
Find something reasonably priced in Milpitas.
Cj House Korean Bbq should be good. It's in Milpitas.
What is the address of the restaurant?
The address is 260 South Abel Street.
Tell me their contact number. Is live music available?
The phone number is 408-263-6705. No, there is no live music.
That works! I would like to make a reservation there.
What time would you like the reservation?
Make it at 11:45 in the morning on the 10th of this month.
Okay, so you want to book for 2 people at Cj House Korean Bbq in Milpitas for 11:45 am on March 10th?
Yes, that is right.
Sorry, but the reservation didn't go through. Do you want to try making a reservation for 2 on March 10th at 12 pm at Cj House Korean Bbq?
That sounds okay.
Your reservation was made successfully.
Thank you so much. Now I just need a cab to get there.
Would you like a shared ride?
A shared ride is ok.
Could you confirm hat you want a shared cab for 2 to go to 260 SOuth Abel Street?
That works.
Your ride was reserved and the cab is coming.
How much will it be and how long will the ride take?
It costs $15.92 and the ride will take 26 minutes.
Thank you for helping. That is all I need for now.
Have a fabulous day.
I need a place to eat that is afforadable in Larkspur.
How about Indian or Mexican?
I want to eat Barbecue.
I found 2. In Larkspur I have Belcampo Restaurant & Butcher Shop.
I like that one.
Do you want a table?
Yes, I want a table.
What time do you want it?
I want it for 13:00.
Confirm March 1st for 2 at Belcampo Restaurant & Butcher Shop in Larkspur at 1 pm.
Yes, what is address and do they serve liquor?
You are confirmed at 2405 Larkspur Landing Circle and no alcohol.
Thanks I need a shared ride cab.
Confirm 2 people for shared cab to 2405 Larkspur Landing Circle.
Yes I confirm all.
Your cab is on the way.
Thanks for the help.
Is there anything else?
That is all today.
Have a great time.
I am searching for a place to eat.
In which city do you need? What type of food do you need? It may American, Italian or any other thing?
I like Latin American type of food at Berkeley.
Fonda is a wonderful restaurant at Berkeley.
Yes. it is good for me. I wish to have a reservation at a restaurant.
When will you want to have the reservation?
Book it at 5:30 in the evening.
Kindly ensure that, on March 1st , booking has been done for 2 persons at Fonda restaurant at Berkeley. The required time is 5:30 pm.
Nope. Book it at evening 6:30
Kindly ensure that, the reservation has been done for 2 persons at 6:30 pm.
Yes. it is good for me.
Your booking is done.
I wish to have a cab to go there.
Are you willing to go to 1501 Solano Avenue? Are you interested in shared ride.
Yes. it is good for me.
Are you interested in shared ride?
Yes. I am good with shared ride.
Kindly ensure that, cab is booking for 2 persons to go to 1501 Solano Avenue.
yes. it is good for me.
Your ride booking is done and the cab is on the way.
How much time the ride will take?
The ride require 7 minutes.
What is the cost of the ride?
The ride costs $25.30
Thank you so much for your help.
Do you need any other help?
Nope. Thank you so much for your help.
Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a restaurant to go to in San Fran.
Is there a specific cuisine you had in mind?
I really love Burmese food.
There's B Star in San Francisco which you might enjoy.
What's their telephone number?
You can call them at 415-933-9900.
Okay,that sounds good. I want to book a table there.
What time would you like to book it for?
I want it for 18:30.
Okay, I'll get you a table for 2 at B Star in San Francisco on March 1st at 6:30 pm, is that right?
Yeah, book it please. And do they have live music there?
I've booked your table. I'm sorry but there's no live music.
I'll also need a cab to get to 127 Clement Street.
Would like a shared ride?
Shared ride is fine. I need to get to Hs Lordships Restaurant.
I'll get you a shared ride cab for 2 people to Hs Lordships Restaurant, is that correct?
Yeah, that is correct.
I've booked the cab and it's traveling to you now.
Thanks so much. That's all the help I need.
Have a wonderful day!
Can you help me look for a restaurant?
Sure, but first please tell me in which city and what cuisine would you prefer - maybe Mexican, Chinese or maybe something else.
I'd like you to find me a nice average priced Oriental restaurant in San Fran.
There's 10 restaurants meeting your criteria in San Francisco. How about Bai Thong Thai?
Can you please give me their phone number and address.
Sure, they're located at 298 Gough Street and you can reach them at 415-863-9335.
OK. Any other restaurant which I might like?
There's Burmese Kitchen, also in San Francisco.
This one sounds good. Let's make a reservation?
For what time, please?
7:45 pm, please.
Can you please confirm that you want a table for 2 at Burmese Kitchen in San Francisco on March 1st at 7:45 pm?
Yes, that's correct. Can you please give me their phone number.
You can reach them at 415-474-5569 but unfortunately I wasn't able to book your table at Burmese Kitchen. I can try to book a table for 2 om March 1st at 7:30 pm, if it's OK with you.
Yes, that will do.
I've successfully placed your reservation.
Thanks a lot. Please get me a cab to get there?
Is your destination (between 2nd & 3rd Ave)?
Yes, it is.
Are you OK with shared rides?
Yes, shared rides are OK.
Can you please confirm that you want a shared ride for 2 to (between 2nd & 3rd Ave)?
No, please change the destination to 3082 Marlow Road.
Can you please confirm that you need a shared ride to 3082 Marlow Road?
Yes, that's correct.
Your cab is on its way!
Can you please tell how much is the cab fare?
Sure, the fare will be $15.66
Also, please tell me how long will it take me to reach my destination.
Around 27 minutes.
Thanks a lot. That will be all for now.
Have a nice day!
I want to find a place to eat.
What kind of food? Indian, Italian or something else? What city?
I want to find Asian food in Palo Alto.
Burma Ruby Burmese Cuisine is a restaurant in Palo Alto.
What's the phone number?
The phone number is 650-285-2770.
What's a bargain priced restaurant?
Siam Royal Authentic Thai is in Palo Alto.
Yes, make a reservation for 1 at quarter to 7 in the evening.
Please confirm: table for 1 on March 1st at Siam Royal Authentic Thai in Palo Alto at 6:45 pm.
Yes, sounds good.
Sorry, couldn't make the reservation. What about a reservation for 1 on March 1st at 6:30 pm at Siam Royal Authentic Thai.
Yes sounds good.
Your reservation was made.
I want to get a cab there.
Are you going to 338 University Avenue? Is a shared ride okay?
Yes, that's fine.
Please confirm: cab for 1 to 338 university avenue. Shared ride okay.
Yes sounds good. How much is it? How long is it?
Your ride is on the way. it will be $8.28 and will take about 23 minutes.
Thanks so much.
Anything else I can do?
No, thanks so much.
Have a good day.
I'd like to eat some Brasserie kind of food
In which city?
I'd like in Larkspur
In Larkspur there's 1 restaurants: Left Bank Larkspur Brasserie
What's the phone number?
Phone number is 415-927-3034
Is there live music? Is it an expensive restaurant?
No, there isn't live music. It is a moderate priced restaurant
Ok, It's fine for me
Do you want to book a table?
Yes, I want to book
At what time?
I'd like at 6:30 pm
A table for 2 people at Left Bank Larkspur Brasserie in Larkspur on March 1st at 6:30 pm. Is it correct?
Yes it is! Tell me their address
507 Magnolia Avenue. Your table is booked!
Now I need a cab to go there
Do you prefer a shared ride?
Yes, shared ride is ok
A shared ride for 2 people to go to 507 Magnolia Avenue. Do you confirm?
Yes, I confirm
Your cab is coming!
How much is the ride?
The ride costrs $16.65
Ok, perfect! Thank you!
Can I do anything else for you?
No, It's all. Bye
Have a nice day!
Hi, I want to find somewhere to eat.
What type of food do you like? American, Indian, whatever you want.
I like diner food a lot.
Great, which city do you want a restaurant in?
It needs to be in Oakland.
In Oakland, Chop Bar is a good restaurant to go to.
Yeah, that sounds good. I'd like to reserve a table there.
Perfect, what time would you like to eat?
Make the reservation for 13:00, please.
Please confirm for me: booking a table for 2 people at Chop Bar in Oakland at 1 pm on March 1st.
Yes, perfect. What's the address? Does it cost a lot to eat there?
The reservation has gone through. They're priced pretty moderate, and the address is 247 4th Street.
Thanks for your help. I want to get a shared cab ride there.
Okay, please confirm: shared cab for 2 people going to 247 4th Street.
Yeah, perfect. How much will it cost me?
The ride has been booked and the cab is coming. It comes out to $12.45.
Thanks for all your help, I don't need anything else right now.
Have a wonderful day!
I need recommendations for something to eat.
I can help you with that. What are you in the mood to eat.
I was thinking Italian.
Great choice! Which city would you like to dine in?
Let's go to San Fran please.
Excellent choice. May I suggest 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in San Francisco.
Let's go ahead and book now.
Great idea, what time we're you thinking?
How about today at 18:30?
Ok, I'll find out, but first please confirm a reservation for 2 at 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in San Francisco at 6:30 pm on March 1st. Did I get the details right?
Yes you did. Find the telephone number for them please.
Great news, I was able to confirm your table for 2! The telephone number is 415-543-5100.
Thanks! I am going to also need a cab reservation as well.
Would you mind a shared ride? Please confirm, that you would like to go to 16 Mint Plaza.
Yes ride share is ok! That address is correct as well.
Ok, wonderful! Please confirm we're booking a ride share to 16 Mint Plaza for 2. Is this right?
yeah, that's perfect.
Your ride is confirmed and in route.
Find out the cost of my ride and how long my ride should take.
Total ride should be $20.79 and will take about 23 minutes.
Thanks, that will be all for now.
Ok, great! Have a wonderful day.
Can you help me find a good spot to eat?
Sure, I can help. Did you want Italian, Chinese, Mexican....
I am just looking for somthing that is afforadable, good burgers and sells alcohol.
Okay, What city did you want to dine in?
Somewhere in San Jose.
I found 3 places you may like. How about Black Angus Steakhouse, located in San Jose?
What else do you have?
How about Rok Steakhouse & Grill located in San jose?
No, what else?
The last one I show in San Jose, is The Grill On The Alley.
Let's do that one!
Did you want me to make your reservations for you?
Yes that would be great!
Do you have a time preference?
Yes I would like something for 11:00.
So that is reservations for 2 on March 1st at 11 am, at The Grill On The Alley in San Jose?
Yes that is right.
Okay, your table has been reserved.
Do they play live music, and I also need the phone number.
They do not have live music and the number is 408-294-2244.
Thank you so much for that information.
You are welcome, did you need anything else today?
Yes, I need to schedule a cab ride to the restaurant.
Okay so a taxi ride to 172 South Market Street?
Yes, that would be fine.
Did you want his to be a shared ride?
That is fine.
Okay so I have a cab ride for you, for 2 people to 172 South Market Street, right?
Yes ma'am. Can you tell me how long the ride will be and the price?
The ride will take about 15 minutes and cost $22.10.
Great. Thanks that will be all for me today.
You are welcome, enjoy your meal.
i am looking to eat somewhere
what city would you like to go to
i want to eat in san fran
do you prefer indian or mexican?
i want some moroccan food that are lavish priced
i found 1 moroccan restaurant called mourad in san francisco
ok perfect
do you want to reserve a table
yes please reserve for 1 people at 12:30 pm
please confirm your booking for 1 people at mourad san francisco on march 1st at 12:30 pm
it is actually for three people
please confirm your booking for 3 people at mourad
ok. can you find out if they serve liquor
they do not serve alcohol. Your booking is confirmed
i also need a cab to go to 140 new montgomery street #1
do you mind shared ride
i am find with shared ride
please confirm your shared ride for 3 people going to 140 new montgomery street #1
yes please
your ride is booked and on the way
thank you
have a nice day
Can you help me find a place to eat?
Which city should I be searching in?
I want to find one in Berkeley.
Any cuisine preferences? Indian, mexican or something else?
I just want breakfast in San Ramon.
There is 1 Taco bell in san ramon.
That sounds fine
Should I reserve a table there?
Sure, make a reservation for three people on March 9th at 1 in the afternoon.
Booking a table for 3 at taco bell in san ramon on march 9th at 1 pm
Do they have liquor or live music?
Taco Bell does serve alcohol but I was unable to make your reservation. Should I try booking for 3 people for march 9th at 12:30 pm instead?
Okay. That's fine by me.
Your booking is confirmed.
I also want a cab to get there.
The address is 21001 san ramon valley boulevard right?
Yes, that is correct
Would a shared ride be fine?
Yes, a shared ride is fine with me.
Booking a shared cab for 3 to 21001 san ramon valley boulevard
That is correct
The ride is on its way
Thanks. That would be all.
Enjoy your trip.
I need a restaurant.
What kind of food like Italian or Chinese?
I want to eat a burrito.
What city do you want?
Petaluma is the city.
I found 1 in Petaluma called Plaza Tequila Taqueira Bar & Grill.
Is price above average and what is contact?
Price is moderate and phone is 707-776-4949.
That is perfect for me.
Do you want to book it?
Yes go ahead and book.
Book for what time?
Book at quarter to 6 in the evening.
Confirm booking for March 1st for 2 at Plaza Tequila Taqueira Bar & Grill at 5:45 pm in Petaluma.
That is good for me, what is address?
Address is 600 East Washington street. Does a reservation at 6 pm for 2 on March 1st at Petaluma called Plaza Tequila Taqueira Bar & Grill work?
Yes that works for me.
You are now confirmed.
I need a shared ride cab too.
Confirm a shared cab for 2 to 600 East Washington Street.
Yes I confirm all.
Your cab is on the way.
How much and what is duration?
The cost is $24.68 and is 27 minutes long.
Thanks for the help.
Is there anything else?
That is all I need.
Have a great day.
Get me the list of restaurants to dine out.
Which city do you prefer?
Look for one in Windsor.
What flavor do you like, American, Mexican, like that?
I want Thai food.
1 Thai restaurant is there in Windsor, the Tomi Thai.
Is it costly or not?
It is having a moderate price range.
That will do, make a reservation there.
What time do you wish get booking at?
I need booking at quarter past 1 in the afternoon.
Please verify the details, Booking one table at Tomi Thai in Windsor at 1:15 pm for 2 people on March 1st.
Make it on March 2nd at 1:30 in the afternoon.
Ok, please verify that you asked for a reservation at 1:30 pm on March 2nd.
Right, that's confirmed.
You got a successful reservation.
Shall I get liquor there?
You will not be provided alcohol
Is there music? Do you have their address.?
There is no live music. It is located at 426 Emily Rose Circle.
Great, get me a cab to reach there.
Will you like a shared ride?
That doesn't matter.
Please confirm you request: You want a shared cab for 2 people to 426 Emily Rose Circle.
Right, what is the cost?
The cab is reaching you soon and you have to pay $22.88.
How much time will the ride take to reach there?
It will take about 28 minutes.
Great service, thank you.
Any other help you needed?
No, that's all, thank you.
Welcome, keep in touch for any service.
Can you find me somewhere to eat an economical breakfast?
Sure, what city?
I'm in Oakland.
I found 2 restaurants for you. How about Lungomare in Oakland?
Do they serve booze?
No, there is no alcohol on premises.
Do they have live music? Where is it?
No, there is no live music. They're at 1 Broadway.
Okay, that sounds fine.
Should I reserve a table?
Yes, please do.
From what time?
From two in the afternoon, for four people.
Okay. Please confirm that you'd like a table for 4 at Lungomare in Oakland from 2 pm on March 1st.
Yes, that's great. Can I call them?
Sorry, I couldn't make the reservation. Is there anything else?
Try again for 2 people at morning 11:15.
Okay, table for 2 at Lungomare in Oakland from 11:15 am on March 1st.
Thanks. What's the phone number?
Sorry, I couldn't make the reservation. How about trying Lungomare again for 2 at 11 am on March 1st? You can call them on 510-990-7007.
That sounds okay.
The table is booked.
Thanks. Can you get me a shared cab there?
Of course. Please confirm that you want a shared cab for 2 to 1 Broadway.
Yes, that's correct.
Okay, it's on the way.
Thanks so much.
That's okay. Anything else?
No, that's all thanks.
Okay, see you.
I want to visit a restaurant! Sushi is the best! Look in SF.
I found 10 restaurants 2g Japanese Brasserie serves Sushi is San Francisco.
What else is available?
Ace Wasabi Rock-n-roll Sushi is also in San Francisco.
Anything else?
Akiko's Restaurant is nice and located in San Francisco.
What's the address?
It is 431 Bush Street.
Okay, that works.
Do you want to reserve a table?
Yes, please do.
What time is it for?
Make it for 12:30 pm.
Please confirm the following: Booking a table at Akiko's Restaurant for 2 in San Francisco on March 1st at 12:30 pm.
Yes, that's what I want.
Your reservation is now confirmed.
Thank you! I want a cab.
Do you want a shared ride?
Yes, I am okay with sharing rides.
Please confirm the following: You want a shared ride for 2 people and will be arriving at 431 Bush Street.
Yes, that works. How much is it and how long is the ride?
Your ride is booked and the cab is coming soon. It costs $13.22 and the ride will about 19 minutes.
Thank you. That's all I want.
Have a wonderful day!
I would like a place to eat.
Do you prefer Italian, Chinese or something else?
I prefer Mexican food.
Which city, please?
I would like Dublin.
I found 1 in Dublin at On the Border Mexican Grill & Cantina.
That sounds good.
Would you like a reservation?
Yes, for two people later today in the afternoon 1:45.
OK, please confirm the reservation for 2 people on March 1st at 1:45 pm in Dublin at On The Border Mexican Grill & Cantina.
Yes, that is correct.
Apologizes, but I was unable to make a reservation. How about this: 2 people on March 1st at 1:30 pm in Dublin at On The Border Mexican Grill & Cantina
That is fine.
The reservation is confirmed.
I need a cab, too.
Would you like a shared ride to 4940 Dublin Boulevard?
Yes, that will work.,
OK, a shared ride to 4940 Dublin Boulevard for 2 people.
Correct, how much is it and how long is the drive?
It will last for 28 minutes and will cost $24.04.
Thanks a lot.
Have a nice day.
Can you help me look for a place to eat?
Which city are you looking for?
I need one in mountain view.
is there any specific kind of food you are searching for?
Noodles on a budget would be perfect
I have found 2 places in mountain view for you. How about hunan chili
Sounds perfect. Make a reservation of march 3rd at 11 am
Booking a table for 2 at hunan chili mountain view on march 3rd at 11 am
sounds perfect. Whats their number? do they serve alcohol?
Booking confirmed. They do serve alcohol. Their contact number is 650-969-8968
Thanks. I would also need a cab to get there. A shared ride to 102 castro street would be fine for me.
Booking a shared cab for 2 for 102 castro street.
yes, thanks a lot.
Booking successful. Your cab is on its way
Thanks again. That would be all for now.
Have a fantastic time there!
Can you help me look for a place to eat?
Sure, which city should I look for?
Anything in san francisco would be fine
Any cuisine preferences? American, Italian or anything else?
I am craving some chinese food right now.
Okay, Alice's in San Francisco is a great place.
Is it a lavish place with live music?
It's an inexpensive place with no live music unfortunately
Okay, Make a reservation there.
What time should I book a slot for?
Book it for 1:45 pm
Booking a table for 2 at Alice's San Francisco on March 1st 1:45 pm
That sounds fine. What is the address?
I was unable to make the booking. Should I book a table for 2 at Alice's on March 1st at 1:30 pm instead. The address is 1599 sanchez street
Yes, That sounds great.
Booking is confirmed.
Can you also book me a cab to get there?
Would a shared ride do?
Yes, shared ride is fine by me.
Booking a shared ride for 2 to 1599 sanchez street.
Cool, what is the cost?
The rise is on its way and costs $20.12
what is the duration of the ride?
It is about 10 minutes long.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that would be all. Thanks again.
The pleasure is mine. Have a nice time!
Can you help me find a restaurant, please?
Sure, please tell me in which city and also if you prefer a specific cuisine, like maybe Chinese, American or maybe something else.
Please find me a Halal restaurant in Milpitas.
There's 1 restaurant meeting your criteria in Milpitas - Darda Seafood.
Perfect. Let's make a reservation for 2 there on the 4th.
At what time, please?
Twelve in the afternoon.
Can you please confirm that you want me to book a table for 2 for you at Darda Seafood in Milpitas on March 4th 12 pm.
On second thought, make it for 3 persons.
Can you please confirm that you want your reservation to be for 3 people on March 4th?
Yes, that is correct.
I've successfully placed your reservation.
Can you please find a cab to take me there?
To 296 Barber Court, right?
Yes, that's correct.
Are you OK with a share ride?
Yes I am.
Can you please confirm that you want me to get you a shared ride for 3 persons to 296 Barber Court.
Can you please change the destination to Liberty Public Market?
Sure, can you please confirm that you need a shared ride to Liberty Public Market?
Yes, that's correct? How much is the fare?
Your cab is on its way to you and the fare is $17.15.
Can you please tell me how long will it take for me to reach my destination?
You will reach your destination in approximately 27 minutes.
Great, thanks a lot.
Is there anything else which I can do for you>?
No, thanks again.
Have a nice day!
Looking for a place to eat
which city to look in?
Search in San fran
Any particular cuisine like American or Chinese or something else?
Any kind of Diner food is good.
In San Francisco there is 1760
Is there Live music?
No, they dont
Any other restaurant?
ok there is 25 Lusk in San Francisco
Is there Live music and Liquor?
No, they dont live music but serve liquor
Any other restaurant, looking for something very fancy priced
I have 10 restaurants of your liking and Acquerello in San Francisco
That is good
Should i book there?
Yes, please
at what time?
Please book at evening 7:30
Please confirm: Booking a table for 2 at Acquerello in San Francisco on March 1st in 7:30 pm
Make it for 3
Please confirm: Booking a table for 3 March 1st
that is right
Done, its booked
Thanks a lot
any thing else?
Get a cab for 1722 Sacramento Street
Do you want shared?
yes, i ok with it
Please confirm: Booking a shared cab for 3 at 1722 Sacramento Street
yes, ok. how much time does it take to reach there?
Its booked, it will take about 18 minutes
Thanks for the help
any thing else?
No, thats it. Thanks
Have a good day!
Finding some good eats is a top priority right now. Would you look up a place for me, please?
I'll take care of that for you. Where do you want to go and what do you have a taste for - Mexican, Indian or some other kind of food, perhaps?
I want to go to Rohnert Park and feast on a nice juicy Burger.
All right. Would you like to go to the the Bear Republic Brewing Co. in Rohnert Park?
is live music on tap there?
No live music is noted.
I'll go for it.
Do you want to make a table reservation now?
Sure do. A table on next Friday would work out great.
You want the reservation for what time?
If I can get the table reserved for 11:15 in the morning, that would suit me just fine, please.
All right. Do you want to confirm a table for 2 guests at the Bear Republic Brewing Co. in Rohnert Park on March 8th at 11:15 am?
Oops, thinking about my calendar, that time is not going to work. Change that to a quarter past 6 in the evening, please.
Okay. Are you confirming a table reservation in Rohnert Park at 6:15 pm?
On point, my friend.
Oh, apologies. That reservation time could not be confirmed. Can you change it to March 8th at 6 pm at the Bear Republic Brewing Co. for 2 guests?
That'll be fine.
Your table reservation is confirmed.
Now, how do we get to this place?
The restaurant is located at 5000 Roberts Lake Road.
How do I reach them?
You can call them at 707-585-2722.
Very well done. Now, would you please set up a cab ride for me to go there?
Is a shared ride all right with you?
Yeah. Let's go for that.
Sure. Do you want to confirm a shared cab ride for 2 passengers, going to 5000 Roberts Lake Road?
I do, and how much do I owe for the ride?
Your cab ride is confirmed for $10.07.
We're done for now, and thanks for all you do.
Have a pleasant day.
Help me find somewhere to eat in Mountain View please.
What kind of food?
I want Japanese.
There's 9 restaurants in Mountain View. How about Bushido?
Do you know if they have live music?
No, they don't.
Can I get the number and is the price range above average?
It's in the moderate range and their number is 650-386-6821.
Okay, let's make a reservation for two on the 12th at afternoon 1.
Will do, please confirm you'd like a table for 2 at Bushido in mountain View at 1 pm on March 12th.
Yes, that's right.
I've made the reservation.
Thanks, can you get me a cab to 156 Castro Street?
Is a shared ride okay?
Yes, that's fine.
Confirm you'd like a shared ride for 2 to 156 Castro Street.
Yes, how long is the ride?
Your ride is en route. You'll get there in 11 minutes.
Thanks for the help/
No problem, anything else?
Nope, that's all.
Have a good rest of your day.
I need a place to eat with some Russian food, in SF.
Red Tavern matches your selection and is located in San Francisco.
Is there any live music?
No, there is not live music.
OK, that's still fine though. I need a reservation, please.
At what time would you like to make your reservation?
I need it at a quarter to 1 in the afternoon.
Please confirm the following information: Book a table at Red Tavern, in San Francisco. The reservation is at 12:45 PM. The reservation is for 2 people. The date is set as March 1st. Is this correct?
Yeah, that works. What's their contact number?
Their phone number is 415-750-9090. Sorry, but I was unable to make your reservation at this time. Red Tavern is a favorable restaurant. Shall I try to make a reservation for 2 people on March 1st at 1 PM?
Yes, I would like that.
Your reservation has been successfully made.
Thank you for that. I want a cab to go there.
Is your desired destination 2229 Clement Street?
Yes, that is it.
Would you like a shared ride?
Yeah, I'm okay with that.
Please confirm the following details: You would like to go to 2229 Clement Street. You would like a cab for a party of 2, and a shared ride. Is this correct?
No, for 3 people actually.
Please confirm the following information: You would like a cab for 3 people and you want a shared ride.
Yes, that is it. How long is the ride? What is the price?
Your ride is now booked and the cab is en route to your location. It will cost $19.85, and the duration of the ride is 19 minutes.
Thank you for that!
Of course. Is there anything else that I may help you with?
No, thanks again.
Of course. Have a wonderful day.
Do you have list of restaurants with mouth-watering dishes. We are planning to eat outdoors.
Can you tell me the city and kind of food you are interested?
Ok, I will be happy with Asian food and somewhere around Palo Alto
3 restaurants offer you the desired dishes. One is Burma Ruby Burmese Cuisine in Palo Alto
Nice, that may the one I am looking for.
Do you need any other help?
Get my seats reserved there.
At what time you will be there?
I think half past 7 in the evening will do.
Please confirm, you need reservation for 2 people at Burma Ruby Burmese Cuisine at 7:30 pm in Palo Alto on March 1st, right.
Correct, give me their address.
Sorry, failed to reserve. Do you need any other service?
Try to get a reservation there at 1:30 in the afternoon.
Ok, Please confirm the details follow: You need 2 reservations at Burma Ruby Burmese Cuisine in Palo Alto at 1:30 pm on March 1st.
Fine, what is the total cost, expensive? can I enjoy live music there?
You got reservation as you suggested. It is moderate in expense. they don't have live music.
Please arrange me a shared ride to go to 326 University avenue.
Please confirm, you need a shared ride for 2 people to 326 University Avenue
No, change the destination to Avenel Apartments.
Please confirm you 2 people want go to Avenel Apartments.
Yes, what will be charge? How much time will it take to reach there.
You should pay $20.73. The cab started and will soon reach you. It will take you there in 28 minutes.
Great service, thank you.
Any other help you need?
Not thats enough.
Have a wonderful day.
I want to get some food and booze. Is there California style food in Menlo park?
There is 1 option. It's called Bradley's fine Diner, its there in Menlo Park.
What street is that on?
It's at 1165 merrill Street.
How can I call there?
Just phone them at 650-494-4342.
Great. I love that.
How about a table there?
Yes, do that, for 1 please.
What time will you go?
How about 20:00 military time?
I have: 1 for dinner at 8 pm, March 1st at Bradley's fine Diner in menlo park?
You have every detail perfectly.
I'm sorry that's not working. Anything else?
Try the booking at seven pm.
Sure, here's what I heard: Try a table for 1 at Bradley's fine Diner in Menlo Park at 7 pm on march 1st.
No, I said 2 people.
Sure, here's what I have: 2 people for Bradley's fine Diner.
You made the correction thanks.
You are reserved.
Get me a cab ride there.
How about taking a shared ride?
That's perfect, thanks.
To confirm, cab for 2, shared ok, to 1165 Merrill Street.
Righto, what's the damage there?
you're set on the cab. It will total $8.60 and last for 28 minutes.
Fine, that's perfect.
Anything else for you?
nothing now, thanks.
Bon appetite, enjoy.
Hello! Please can you find me a good place to eat for I and my friend is searching for the best one in our locality.
Please can I have the Zipcode or city in which you wish to find a good place to eat.
Please can you find in San Mateo?
Sure! Do you prefer Italian, Mexican, thai, Japanese or any other kind of food offering restaurant?
I would prefer to have some tacos kind of food. Please find one where I can have this one.
Okay! The Celia's is a good one located in San Mateo. Do you wish to taste your food here?
Will they serve liquor and is live music available at this place?
Nope, they don't serve either of both.
Okay! it works for me. Please can you make a reservation at this restaurant.
Can I have the time to make the reservation?
Please can you make it at eight pm.
Sure! Please can you confirm me that you wish to book a table at the hotel Celia's in San Mateo for 2 people on March 1st at 8 pm. Is that right?
Yup, you're right.
Sorry, unfortunately, I couldn't make the reservation. Do you need any other help?
Please can you try the booking again for 7:15 pm?
Yup! Please can you confirm me that you wish to book a table at Celia's in San Mateo at 7:15 pm on March 1st for 2 people. Is that right?
Yup, sounds good. Is it economical or highly priced?
It's moderate. Sorry, your reservation is unsuccessful. Do you want me to book a table at Celia's restaurant for 2 people on March 1st at 7:30 pm?
Yup, please do that for me.
Okay! now your reservation is successfully made.
Thanks a bunch. Please can you book a ride to go there?
So, you wish to go to Laurelwood Shopping Center, right?
Yup, you're right.
Can you have a shared ride?
Yup! I can have a shared ride.
Please confirm me that you wish to go to Laurelwood Shopping Center and you wish to book a shared ride for 2 people, right?
Yup, it works for me. How long will it take to reach the place and what's the ride cost?
It would cost around $18.81 and it will take about 8 minutes to reach there. Your cab is booked and its on the way.
Thanks a bunch for your service. I'm all set.
Have a wonderful day.
I'm so hungry. I need to find somewhere to eat.
In which city?
Portola Valley, I want pizza.
Parkside Grille is a great place in Portola Valley.
Yes, that's good.
Can I help you in anything else?
I want a reservation for two there to Tuesday next week. Make it at 18:30.
So a reservation for 2 at Parkside Grille in Portola Valley at 6:30 pm on March 5th?
Yes, that's correct.
Your reservation was successful.
Can you help book a cab to get there?
Can it be a shared ride?
Yes, no problem.
Is the destination 884 Portola Road A1?
Yes, that's it.
So a shared ride for 2 to 884 Portola Road A1?
Yes, that's it. How much will it cost and how long is the ride?
It's a 7 minutes ride that will cost you $11.91. Your cab is booked and on the way.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need something else?
No, that's all.
Have an amazing day.
My friend is visiting from out of town and I need to find a place for us to eat. Can you look up some inexpensive restaurants in SFO for me?
Sure, what kind of food?
We usually like Diner places.
Ok, I found 6 Diner options in San Francisco. How about Chaparral?
Sure, that sounds great.
Anything else I can do?
Can you put in a reservation for us?
Sure, for what time?
7:15 in the evening would be perfect.
Ok. To confirm, you want to make a reservation at Chaparral in San Francisco for 2 people at 7:15 pm on March 1st. Is that right?
Yes, that's perfect.
Sorry, Chaparral wouldn't let me reserve that time. Do you want to try to make it for 2 people on March 1st at 7 pm instead?
Yes, try that.
Ok, that time the reservation was successful.
Great, thanks! Now I just need to book a cab to get there.
Sure, is a shared ride ok? And the address is 471 Haight Street, right?
Yes, that's right and shared is fine.
Ok, to confirm, you want to book a shared ride for 2 people to 471 Haight Street. Is that right?
Yes, that's right. How long will it take to get there and what's the total cost?
I've booked your cab and it's on its way. It'll be $24.37 for a 12 minute ride.
Ok, thanks. That's all for now.
No problem. Have a good day!
I'm on a budget and would like help finding a place to eat. Please search for a cheap place with live music.
Any particular city I should search in?
Please find something in San Jose.
Would you like Chinese or Mexican, or would you prefer another type of cuisine?
Any place with Soup & Salad on the menu works for me.
The 1 suitable and nice restaurant I found is Mcdonald's in San Jose.
Sure, that's perfect.
Should I go ahead and reserve a table here?
Yes, please go ahead and make a reservation.
For what time should I make the reservation?
Please book it for 19:30.
Okay. Please confirm that you'd like to reserve a table for 2 at Mcdonald's San Jose, for 7:30 pm on March 1st.
No, sorry. My date just cancelled, so it's for one person.
No problem. Please confirm that you'd like to make a reservation for 1 at 7:30 pm.
That's correct. What's their phone number?
I have successfully made your reservation. You can reach them by phone at 408-265-5567.
What's their street address?
They are at 2434 Almaden Road.
Thanks a lot. Please get a cab going there. A shared ride is fine.
Okay. Let me see if I got everything correctly: You'd like ashared cab ride going to 2434 Almaden Road, for 1 person.
That is correct.
I have successfully booked your cab and it should be here shortly.
How long will the ride take?
The ride should take approximately 12 minutes.
What's the cost?
The price is $11.56.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
Would you like my help with anything else?
No. Thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
Thank you, and have a great day!
Find me a place to eat that is intermediate priced. Parisian food is great.
What city should I look in?
Find places in SFO.
Amelie San Francisco is a nice San Francisco restaurant.
Is liquor served? What is the address?
Alcohol is served and the street address is 1754 Polk Street.
That works fine.
Could I reserve a table here?
Yes, make a reservation for two at 12:30 pm.
Could you confirm that you want a table for 2 booked at Amelie San Francisco in San Francisco? The reservation will be at 12:30 pm on March 1st.
That sounds good.
Your reservation went through successfully.
Thanks so much. Find me a cab to get there. A shared ride is ok.
So you want to go to 1754 Polk Street and need a cab for 2. You would like a shared ride.
That sounds good. How long is the ride and how much is it?
Your ride has been booked and the cab is coming. The cab costs $21.09 and will take about 32 minutes.
Thank you for helping. That is what I needed for now.
Have a good day.
I want a place to eat
what kind of food? chinese, american or what?
cantonese is good
what city do I need to look in?
I want it in Burlingame
there is 1 place, yangon in burlingame
Yes that is fine. I want a reservation there
what time for?
I want it for 11:45
confirm yangon in burlingame for 11:45 am for 2 people on march 1st
yes that is fine
anything else for you?
make it 11:30
confirm yangon in burlingame for 11:30 am for 2 people on march 1st.
yes that works
reservation went through
what is the contact info?
phone is 650-348-8848
I wanna go to 1136 Broadway for 1 person
you wanna go to 1136 Broadway for 1 person
Yes how much is it?
the ride is $16.68
thank you very much
Have a good one
Hi, could you help me search for a nice place to eat?
Any preferred city to search in?
I would like to eat in SFO, thanks!
What types of cuisine or food will you prefer?
Something on the lines of Pho will be great.
There are 10 restaurants, one of which is Anh Hong at San Francisco.
This is fine for me.
Do you need a reservation there?
Yes please, please reserve a table on the 1st of March please.
When will you be visiting them?
I will be visiting them at afternoon 12:30.
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 2 at Anh Hong in San Francisco at 12:30 pm on March 1st.
This is perfect, may I have their contact number and do they play live music?
Your reservation has been made. You can contact them at 415-885-5180 and sadly, they do not play live music.
Thank you, could you also help me book a taxi there?
Sure, would you want a shared ride to 808 Geary Street?
Sure, that is fine with me.
Please confirm your pool ride booking to 808 Geary Street for 2 people.
Sure, how long does the trip take and how much will this cost me?
This will take you 18 minutes and will set you back $17.24.
I see, thanks for your kind assistance. That is all the help I need for now.
Sure, have a safe trip!
I'm trying to find a place to eat.
What type of food were you trying to find?
Some Oriental sounds perfect.
What city did you want me to look in?
I'd like to find something in Daly City.
I found a nice restaurant called Egg Roll King in Daly City.
Where are they located at?
They are located at 6811 Mission Street.
Does the place serve alcohol and do they have a phone number?
Their number is 650-992-0771 but they do not serve liquor.
Yes, that sounds good.
Did you want to book a table there?
Yes, I'd like to make a reservation for two at evening 6:15.
Please confirm you're booking a table for 2 at Egg Roll King in Daly city on March 1st at 6:15 pm.
Yes, that is correct. What is their price range and do they have live music?
Sorry, the reservation was unable to be booked. The place is inexpensive and they don't have live music. Should I try another reservation for 2 people at Egg Roll King on March 1st at 6 pm?
Yes, that sounds good to me.
Your reservation has been confirmed.
Thank you. I'd also like to find a cab there.
Were you looking for a shared ride?
I'm fine with that.
Please confirm you're getting a cab for 2 going to 6811 Mission Street and you'd like a shared ride.
Yes, that is correct. How much will the ride be and how long will it take?
Your ride has been confirmed and is now on its way. The ride should take about 15 minutes and will cost $20.59.
Thank you for your help.
Did you need help with anything else?
No, but thanks again.
Have a wonderful day!
Can you help me find somewhere to eat?
Where city would you like to eat in?
Find me something in Palo Alto.
What type of cuisine do you want to eat? Maybe Mexican, Indian, or something else?
I'd like to go to an extravagant Japanese restaurant.
I found 1 you might like. Nobu Palo Alto is a great place located in Palo Alto.
Sure, that sound perfect. I'd like to make a reservation there for 12:15 in the afternoon on March 9th.
So you would like to make a reservation for 2 people at Nobu Palo Alto in the city of Palo Alto for 12:15 pm on March 9th. Is this correct?
Sounds good to me.
I was unable to make a reservation for that time. Would you like to try a reservation for 2 at Nobu Palo Alto at 12 pm on March 9th instead?
Sure, try that instead.
I was able to successfully reserve you a table this time.
Great, thanks. Can you find me a cab to get there?
Is a shared ride okay? You are going to 180 Hamilton Avenue, correct?
Yeah that's fine. I don't mind if it's a shared ride.
Okay, so you would like a shared ride for 2 people going to 180 Hamilton Avenue, is that right?
Sounds good to me.
I've booked the cab for you and it is on the way.
What was the cost? How long will it take to get there?
The cost was $9.83. It should take about 29 minutes to get there.
Okay, thanks for the help.
No problem. Is there anything else you need?
No, that's all for now thanks.
Okay, enjoy the rest of your day!
I would like to eat somewhere
Do you prefer Italian, American or other kind of food?
I'd like some Cafe kind of food
In which city?
I'd like to go to eat in Alamo
There is 1 restaurant in Alamo: Alamo Cafe
Is it a pricey restaurant? Do they serve alcohol?
No, It's an inexpensive restaurant. No, they don't serve alcohol
Ok, It's fine for me! I want to reserve a table for two people
At what time?
At 11 am, for one people
A table for 1 people at Alamo Cafe in Alamo on March 1st at 11 am. Do you confirm?
Yes, thanks. Can you tell me its address?
Sure! 1 Alamo Square Drive. Your table is reserved!
Thank you so much! I need a cabe to go there
Is it ok a shared ride?
Yes, a shared ride it's fine
A cab for 1 people in a shared ride to 1 Alamo Square Drive. Is it correct?
Yes, It is. How much is the ride?
The ride costs $9.96. The cab is coming!
Thanks so much!
Can I do anything else for you?
No, It's all, thanks
Have a good day
I am searching for eating place around Sunnyvale
What type of food you are searching for? like American, Chinese etc
Any type of food like Mediterranean is fine
I have selected 2 restaurants and Obed is one among them which is located in Sunnyvale
I need something intermediate priced food and need can you to look for some other restaurant?
I have looked into 1 restaurant called Taverna Bistro in Sunnyvale which is very good
Fine for me
Do you require to make table reservation here?
Yes, i need booking for 4 people on the 4th at 1 pm
Please give confirmation details: Booking table for 4 people at Taverna Bistro at Sunnyvale on March 4th at 1 pm
Fine.Can i have their address and what is their phone number?
Booking is done. Their location is 133 South Murphy Avenue and they do not provide live music
Thanks and i need a cab to reach there
you need shared ride?
fine with shared ride
Please give confirmation details: you need to go to 133 South Murphy Avenue on a shared ride with 4 people in cab
No, it is for three people
Please give confirmation details: You need to go to 133 South Murphy Avenue and the cab is for 3 people
fine and how much it costs?
Your ride is booked and wlll reach you soon and it costs $10.51
How much is the ride duration?
The ride duration is 30 minutes
Thank you very much
Have a nice day
Can you find me some place to eat?
In which city?
How about San Francisco?
What type of food would you like? Something like Mexican, Chinese, or something else.
I'd like some Brasserie food.
Bistro 10un is a nice place in San Francisco.
Do they have live music? And is their price range above average?
No, they don't have live music, and they're inexpensive.
Do you have any other suggestions?
Bistro Boudin is a nice place in San Francisco as well.
Yes, that one works. I'd like you to reserve a table.
At what time?
How about 12 pm?
Please confirm: book a table for 2 people on March 1st at 12 pm at Bistro Boudin in San Francisco.
Yes, that works well.
Your reservation was successful.
Thanks so much. I need a cab to go there.
Do you want to share your ride?
I'm okay with that.
And you'll be going to 160 Jefferson Street?
Yes, that works for me.
Please confirm: You'll need a shared ride for 2 people to 160 Jefferson Street.
Yes, that works well. How long will the ride be?
It'll last about 28 minutes. The ride is booked and it's on its way.
Thanks so much, that'll be all.
Have a wonderful day!
Can you find me a Latin American restaurant that has live music?
Sure, in what city?
Look in Fairfield.
I found 1 place in Fairfield called Favela's Fusion.
That's fine. Make me a reservation for four for next Tuesday at 6:30 pm.
Will do, but first confirm you'd like a table for 4 at Favela's Fusion in Fairfield at 6:30 pm on March 5th.
Yup. Do they serve alcoholic drinks and is it expensive?
I've booked your table. It's in the moderate price range and they don't serve any alcohol.
Can you book me a shared ride for 1 to 1500 Oliver Road?
Sure, please confirm you'd like a shared ride for 1 to 1500 Oliver Road.
Yup, how much is it?
Your ride is on the way and will cost $6.63.
How long will it take to get there?
It'll be about 30 minutes.
Thanks, I think that's it for now.
Have fun at dinner.
I want to find restaurants.
What city and type of food?
San Fran and I want pizza.
I found 10 in San Francisco. How about 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano.
What else do you have?
In San Francisco there is A16.
What is address and do they have music?
They do not have live music and address is 2355 Chestnut Street.
I want to go there.
Do you want reservations?
Yes, make the reservations.
What time do you want?
Make it for March 14th at 18:30 for 4.
Confirm March 14th at 6:30 pm for 4 at A16 in San Francisco.
Great and what is price range and do they have liquor?
You are confirmed and they are moderate and serve alcohol.
I need a cab too.
Is a shared ride ok?
Yes a shared ride is ok.
Confirm a shared ride for 4 to 2355 Chestnut Street.
Yes that is good.
Your ride is on the way.
That is all I need.
Thanks and have a good day.
I am searching for a place to eat.
What type of food you searching for ? like Indian, Chinese etc.
Burger type of food will be okay.
On which city i should search in?
I want in Sunnyvale city.
I searched 7 restaurants. One of them is Black Angus Steakhouse located at Sunnyvale is a beautiful restaurant.
Are they provide liquor? Can you tell me their contact number?
They provide liquor and the contact number is 408-245-4501.
Fine. this is okay for me. I like to make a reservation at a restaurant.
What is your reservation time?
Do it at 12 pm.
Please give confirmation details: Table booking at Black Angus Steakhouse in Sunnyvale city and the reservation is for 2 people at 12 pm on march 1st.
Sorry, I like to book on 12th of march.
Please give confirmation details: Reservation date is march 12th for 2 people.
This is perfect for me. Is there a live music?
No, there is no live music. Your booking is dine.
Thanks a lot. I like to get a cab to go there.
740 East El Camino Real is your going spot?
Yes, that works.
Are you interested in shared ride?
Shared ride is okay for me.
Please give confirmation details: Going place is 740 East El Camino Real and the cab is for 2 people. Prefer shared ride.
This is perfect for me. What is the cost of the cab?
$14.00 is the cost and your ride is confirmed. Cab is coming on its way.
Thank you so much for the help.
Have a wonderful day.
Help me looks for a place to eat that's not very costly.
Is there a city that you prefer to search in? And is there a specific kind of food you like such as American, Chinese, or anything else?
Let's look in Oakland, and I'm could go for some Seafood.
There's a nice place called Alamar Kitchen & Bar in Oakland.
Yeah, that sounds good.
Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yeah, make a reservation for 1:15 in the afternoon.
I'll make a reservation for 2 people at Alamar Kitchen & Bar in Oakland for March 1st at 1:15 pm, is that okay?
No, the reservation is actually for three people. And make it for 1:30 in the afternoon.
I'll make the reservation for 3 people at 1:30 pm, is that okay?
Wait, sorry. It's just for one person.
I'll make the reservation for 1 person in Oakland, is that what you want?
Yeah, that's it.
I've made you the reservation.
Thanks a lot. Now I need to book a cab to get there.
The cab is for 100 Grand Avenue #111?
Yeah, that's right.
Would you prefer a shared ride?
Shared ride is fine. And I actually want to go to 180 El Camino Real.
Okay, I'll book you a shared ride cab for 1 to 180 El Camino Real, is that correct?
Yeah, that's correct. How long will the ride take and what's the cost?
The ride will take 10 minutes and cost $6.61. I've booked the can and it's heading to your location.
Thanks so much.
Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, you've been of great help.
Have a wonderful day!
I need to find a place to eat that's reasonably priced. I prefer French food.
In which city are you looking?
In Sonoma, please.
I found 1 restaurant you might like. How's The Girl & The Fig in Sonoma?
What's their phone number?
They can be reached at 707-938-3634.
Yes, that sounds great. I need to reserve a table.
Sure thing, at what time?
Please make it at 10:45 am.
Please confirm: Book a table for 2 at The Girl & The Fig in Sonoma at 10:45 am on March 1st.
Yes, that's great.
Sorry, I can't reserve that for you. Can I help you with anything else?
Please try it again for afternoon 12.
Please confirm: Book a table for 2 at The Girl & The Fig in Sonoma at 12 pm on March 1st.
Yes, that's great. What's the address?
That one was successful! Their address is 110 West Spain Street.
Thanks. I'm going to need a cab to go there.
Do you want it to be shared?
I'm okay with a shared cab.
Please confirm: You need a shared ride for 2 people to 110 West Spain Street.
Yes, that's great. How much will it be?
Your ride is booked and the cab is on the way. It'll be $21.43.
Thanks so much, that'll be all for now.
Have a wonderful day!
I am searching for eating place
What type of food you wanted like Chinese, Italian etc
I prefer Latin American Food
Which is your preferred city?
I wanted it in Newark city
There is a nice restaurant called La Cabana in Newark
That is perfect
Do you want to book a table there?
Yes, i need to book for one people on 14th of March at 11 am
Please give confirmation details: Booking a table at La Cabana for 1 people at 11 am on March 14th in the city of Newark
That is perfect
Your booking is done
I need to get a cab to go to 7163 Rich Avenue on a shared ride
Please give confirmation details: You want to go to 7163 Rich Avenue on a shared ride with 1 people in the cab
Fine.How long is the ride and what is the cost?
Your ride is booked. The ride will last around 16 minutes and cost is $7.17
Thank you very much
Anything else you need?
No, thank you very much
Have a nice day
I need a place to eat.
What time of food? Perhaps Mexican or American?
No Parisian would be better.
In which city?
Something in SFO please.
I found 10. How about Amelie San Francisco in San Francisco?
What is their contact number and address?
They are at 1754 Polk Street and the number is 415-292-6916.
What other restaurant do you suggest?
Aquitaine Wine Bar & Bistro in San Francisco is nice.
What else can you find?
Atelier Crenn in San Francisco is nice.
Yes that is good, please make a reservation.
What time would you like the reservation?
In the evening 6:30.
You want a table for 2 at Atelier Crenn in San Francisco on March 1st at 6:30 pm, correct?
Yes that's correct, do they serve liquor? What is the price range?
Your reservation has been made. The price is very expensive and they do serve alcohol.
I need a cab there.
Do you want a shared ride?
Yes please to 3127 Fillmore street.
You need a shared ride for 2 to 3127 Fillmore Street, correct?
Yes that is correct.
Your cab is on the way.
Thank you for your assistance.
Can I do anything else for you?
No that is all thank you.
Enjoy your meal.
I'm so hungry, I'm looking for somewhere to eat. Find me something bargain priced.
In which city? What kind of food do you want?
Oriental food in Richmond would be nice.
I found 1 restaurant in a Richmond. It's called Eurasia.
What's their number? Do they play live music?
Their number is 510-234-9898. Unfortunately, they don't.
I'm good, that works for me.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, reserve me a table for 5:30 pm.
So a table for 2 at the restaurant Eurasia in Richmond at 5:30 pm on March 1st?
Actually, make it on the 3rd of this month at 18:15 please.
So a table for March 3rd at 6:15 pm?
Yes, that's good. Do they serve liquor? What's their address?
They don't serve alcohol. Their address is 12221 San Pablo Avenue. I could book your table in Eurasia at the time you wanted. Shall I get a reservation for 2 on March 3rd at 6:30 pm?
Yes, that's fine too.
Your reservation was successful.
Thanks a lot. Can you help me book a cab for one to get there?
So a cab for 1 to 12221 San Pablo Avenue?
Yes, that's good. How long is the drive there and how much will it cost?
The cab is booked and on the way. It's a 22 minutes ride that costs $15.00.
Thanks a lot. That's all.
Have an amazing day.
its boring to eat our daily routine food , i need a change in eating food. find some good places to eat?
what kind of food whether italian , chinese or any other food you search for?
some non meat kind of food will be good.
in which city i should search for?
Please search it in Berkeley.
i found 4 restaurants. Great wall | chinese restaurant which is a nice restaurant located in berkeley
what is their address? Is the price range is expensive?
their price range is moderate. their street address is 6247 college avenue.
ok its work for me
whether i need to reserve a table over there?
yes i want to make a reservation
In which time do you need to book a table?
Make it at 7 o"clock in the evening.
Ok please check and review the following details. Booking a table at Great wall | chinese Restaurant. THe city is Berkeley. The reservation is at 7 pm. The reservation is for 2 people and date is on March 1st.
Ok thats good and it works for me. Do they have live music?
Table reservation is confirmed. They do not have live music.
THanks a lot for your immense help and i need to get a cab to go there.
Do you need a shared ride?
yes i need a shared ride.
Please confirm the following details for a cab. Place need to go is 6247 college avenue. the cab is for 2 people . i need a shared ride.
ok thats good. How much does it cost and how long it will take to reach the place?
Ride is booked and cab is on the way . its costs $20.73 and the ride will last about 8 minutes.
thanks a lot for your help and thats all i need.
take care have a good day
I would like to go somewhere to eat
In which city would you like to eat?
I'd like in San Bruno
Do you prefer American, Mexican or other food?
I prefer some Filipino food
In San Bruno there's Cabalen
I need something bargain priced: what do you suggest?
There's 1 restaurant in San Bruno: Kuya's Asian Cuisine
Ok, It's fine!
Do you want to book a table there?
Yes, plesase. I want to book a table.
What time do you want to book the table?
Book for 17:00 please
A table for 2 people at Kuya's Asian Cuisine in San Bruno, on March 1st at 5 pm. Is it correct?
No, the table is for one people; I prefer at 12:30 pm
A reservation for 1 people at 12:30 pm. Do you confirm?
Yes, I confirm. There's live music? What's teir telephone number?
No, there isn't live music. Their number is 650-952-5739. Your table is booked
I need a cab to go there
Do you want a shared ride to go to 460 San Mateo Avenue?
Yes, a shared ride is fine.
A cab for 1 people in a shared ride to 460 San Mateo Avenue. Is it correct?
Yes, it's correct.
The race has been booked. Your cab is coming
Thanks for helping!
Can I do anything else for you?
No, thanks, it's all
Have a good day
I want to find a place to eat.
What city do you want me to look in?
Search in Walnut Creek.
What sort of food are you looking for?
I would love to eat some Asian food.
I found 2 restaurants. Bombay Indian Restaurant is a nice restaurant in Walnut Creek.
Do you have something else? I would like something affordable in Berkeley.
Da Lian Restaurant is a nice Berkeley restaurant.
Is there live music? Will liquor be served?
Liquor will not be served and there is no live music.
Do you have other ideas? I need something low priced.
Mehak Indian Cuisine is a nice Berkeley restaurant.
Yes, that sounds good.
Do you want me to get you a table here?
Yes, make a reservation please.
What time should the reservation be for?
It should be at eleven am.
Could you confirm that you want to book a table at Mehak Indian Cuisine in Berkeley for 2 people at 11 am? The date will be March 1st.
That sounds good to me.
Your reservation has been made.
I need a cab to get there.
How about a shared ride? Do you want to go to 2449 Sacramento Street?
Yeah, a shared ride should be good.
Could you confirm that you want to go to 2449 Sacramento Street and that you need a cab for 2 in a shared ride?
No, I want to go to Parc Station Apartments actually.
Please confirm that you want to go to Parc Station Apartments and that you need a cab for 2.
That sounds good.
Your ride has been booked and the cab will be on its way.
Thank you for helping. That is all I wanted.
Have a good day.
I want food
what city do I need to look in?
I want alameda
what kind of food? Italian, indian?
brasserie will be good
1 restaurant and pappo is a good one in alameda
any liquor and how pricey
they are expensive
yes that is fine
wanna get a table?
four people on the 6th
what time for you?
seven in the evening
booking at pappo in alameda at 7 pm for 4 people on march 6th
what is there number and address?
510-337-9100 at 2320 central avenue and pappo is nice. want a reservation for 4 people on march 6th at 6:30 pm
yes that is good
the reservation was good
thanks a lot
want a shared ride?
I am good with the
wanna go to 2320 central avenue for 4 people
yes, how much is it?
it is $15.00
how long is it?
the ride is 22 minutes
thank you very much
do you want anything else?
No thank you
Have a good one
My sister is coming into town and I need to find somewhere to take her out to dinner. Can you see where we could go that's not very costly and serves alcohol?
Sure, what kind of food? Like Chinese, American, or something else?
We both love Spicy Indian food, so that would be perfect.
Ok, what city will you be in?
Any place in Concord would be fine.
Hot Basil Cafe is a pretty popular Indian restaurant in Concord. How about that?
Sure, that sounds perfect. Can you put in a reservation?
Sure, for what time?
It'll be fore evening 6 on March 1st.
Ok, to confirm, you want to make a reservation at Hot Basil Cafe in Concord for 2 people at 6 pm on March 1st. Is that right?
Yep, that's perfect. What's their address and phone number?
They're at 790 Oak Grove Road, and their number is 925-288-0000.
Great, thank you.
Sure, anything else I can do?
Yeah, I need to book a cab there also. A shared ride is fine.
Ok, so you want to book a shared cab for 2 people going to 790 Oak Grove Road, is that right?
Yes, that's perfect.
Ok, I've booked the cab and it's on its way.
Cool. How long will the ride be?
It'll take about 10 minutes to get there.
Perfect, thanks! That's all for now.
Ok, have a good day.
I'm trying to find a place to eat.
What city did you want me to look and what type of food were you trying to find? You can say American, Indian, or anything else.
I'd like to find something in Berkeley. Some Diner food sounds perfect.
I found a nice restaurant called B&b Kitchen & Wine Bar in Berkeley.
Where is it located?
It is located at 2116 Shattuck Avenue.
Did you find another restaurant?
I also found a nice restaurant called Beer Baron Bar & Kitchen in Berkeley.
Does the place serve alcohol?
The place does serve alcohol.
Yes, that sounds good to me.
Did you need help with anything else?
I'd like to book a reservation for the restaurant on the 5th of March.
What time did you want to book it for?
I'd like to book it for half past 6 in the evening.
Please confirm you're booking a table for 2 at Beer Baron Bar & Kitchen in Berkeley on March 5th at 6:30 pm.
Yes, that sounds good. What is their phone number?
Your reservation has been confirmed. The number is 510-338-3464.
I'd also like to find a cab there.
Were you trying to go to 5900 College Avenue?
Yes, that is correct.
Did you want to find a shared ride?
I need to arrive at Miyabi and I am fine with a shared ride.
Please confirm you're getting a cab for 2 going to Miyabi and you want a shared ride.
Yes, that is correct.
Your ride has been confirmed and is now on its way.
How much will it be?
The total will be $15.60.
Thank you for your help.
Did you need help with anything else?
No, but thank you again.
Have a wonderful day!
I'm hungry. Can you find me a nice Sushi place?
Sure thing. Which city would you like to search in?
Find me some Sushi in San Francisco.
I hear the 2g Japanese Brasserie is considered a really nice restaurant in San Francisco.
Do they serve liquor? What's the contact number?
Yes they do serve alcohol. The phone number is 415-292-9997.
Okay thanks for the information. I'd like to go ahead and make a reservation now.
No problem. What time do you want to make your reservation for?
Make it for half past 11 in the morning.
Okay, please confirm the following details for me: Booking a table for 2 at the 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco on March 1st at 11:30 am.
Yes that works for me. Thanks a ton.
Your reservation in successful. Have fun!
What's the address? How affordable are the prices?
The price range is moderate. The address is 601 Van Ness Avenue.
Okay, thank you very much. Can you call a cab for me to get there.
Would you like a shared ride?
Yeah, i'm ok with a shared ride.
Please confirm the following: Book a cab ride for 2 people traveling to 601 Van Ness Avenue. Correct?
Yup that's it. How much is the ride? How long will it take to get there?
Your ride is booked and on the way. The fair is $20.38 and the ride will last about 15 minutes.
Okay, thanks a lot for the help. That's all I need for now.
Thank you! Have a great day!
I am searching for eating place
What food type you want?
Any type of food like Cantonese is okay
What city you prefer?
I need it in Fremont
I have searched for 7 restaurants and one among them is a nice restaurant called B K's Bistro in Fremont
Can you tell me the name of other restaurant?
There is one nice restaurant called Boiling Hot Pot which located in Fremont.
Can you tell me the name of other restaurant?
There is one nice restaurant called Chong Qing Xiao Mian which located in Fremont.
What about the price range ? Is it very expensive ? Are they provide liquor?
Inexpensive price range and they don't provide alcohol.
This is okay for me.
Do you want to book a table there?
Yes, i like to book the table for 3 people at 4:30 pm
Please give confirmation details: Booking table for 3 people at Chong Qing Xiao Mian on March 1st at 4:30 pm in the city of Fremont
Yes. this is okay for me.
Sorry, i could not make a reservation. Do you need any other help?
I like to try booking again. Do it at 11:30.
Please give confirmation details: Table booking at Chong Qing Xiao Mian in Fremont city for 3 people on march 1st and the reservation time is 11:30 am.
Fine. this is okay for me. Can you tell me their address?
Your booking is confirmed and street address is 34420 Fremont Boulevard.
Thank you so much for the help. I like to get a cab to go there.
Are you interested in shared ride?
Shared ride is okay for me.
Please give confirmation details: Your ride to 34420 Fremont Boulevard and cab reservation is for 3 people. Prefer a shared ride.
Yes this is perfect.
Your ride is confirmed and the cab is on the way.
Thanks for your help.
Anything else you want?
No, thank you very much for our help.
Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking to dine out. I want a really ritzy, fancy upscale place in Bodega Bay.
What style of food do you want? Seafood - Bodega Bay has a lot of that.
American, generic..whatever.
Try Drakes Sonoma Coast. It's nice and it's in bodega Bay.
Fine, set me up. I want a table for two on the 8th of March at 7:30 pm.
To be clear: 2 people for Drakes Sonoma Coast in Bodega Bay at 7:30 pm. on March 8th.
That's great. We're celebrating and this will make it special.
Your reservation at Drakes is all lined up.
Now, set me up with a cab.
Do you want a shared ride? You're going to dinner right? You are headed to 103 California 1.
That's it, I think.
Do you want a shared ride?
I'm fine with that. It's no biggie.
To be clear: That's a shared ride for 2 to 103 California 1.
Great. How long is the ride ?
You are booked and it's on the way. The time on the ride is 23 minutes.
Great. That'll be it.
take care now.
I'd like to find a place to eat in Mill valley.
What kind of food would you like to eat?
I'd like to eat some Diner food.
I have found 3 restaurants. Lighthouse Bar & Grill is a great choice in Mill Valley.
That'll work for me.
Would you like to get a table?
Yes, I'd like to make a reservation for 1 on the 12th at 7 in the evening.
Please confirm the following: You want a table at Lighthouse Bar & Grill in Mill Valley for 1 person on March 12th at 7 pm.
Yes, that's correct.
The table has been reserved.
Thanks so much! I'd like to get a cab to get there. I need to go to 475 East Strawberry Drive and I'm okay with a shared ride.
Please confirm the following: You want a shared ride cab for 1 person and want to go to 475 East Strawberry Drive.
Yes, that's correct. How expensive is it?
The ride is booked and on its way. It costs $14.56.
Thanks so much!
Is there anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks for everything!
Have a wonderful day.
It would be fine for me if you find a nice restaurant to have food.
Which cuisine will attract you, Indian, Mexican or anything else?
I would like to get Pakistani Food.
Are you particular with any city?
Yeah, search it in San Ramon.
In San Ramon Cafe Tandoor will be fine.
Ok, then get me a seat there?
At what time you will be present?
Do it at 11:00
Please confirm, you need a table at Cafe Tandoor in San Ramon at 11 am for 2 people on March 1st.
Correct, go on.
The process successful, your table booked.
very good service, thank you.
Its our pleasure, any other service you need?
Please arrange me a cab to go over there.
Do you prefer a shared ride? Is 420 Market Place your destination?
Yeah, I am happy with shared ride.
Please confirm, 2 people moving to 420 Market place in a shared ride.
Please change the destination to 2320 Central Avenue for 1 people.
Ok, You need cab for 1 people to 2320 Central Avenue, correct.
Correct, How much time the trip will take?
You have sit for 22 minutes to reach there and the cab is on the way.
Thanks a lot for the help.
Any other help you need?
No thanks a lot.
Have a wonderful day.
I want to meet some friends for dinner. Where can we go to eat?
In what city?
Let's try SF.
What kind of food did you have in mind?
I don't know. Maybe Peruvian?
I found 5 restaurants in San Francisco thatserver Peruvian cuisine. How about Destino?
Is the food their very costly?
Destino's prices are in the moderate range.
How about live music?
Sorry, Destino's does not feature live music.
Ok. No big deal. I need a table for 3 next Friday.
What time would you prefer?
Maybe 17:00 or so?
You would like a table for 3 at Destino in San Francisco at 5 pm on March 8th. Is that correct?
No. Cjange in plans. Let's try March 13th at 1 PM.
You would like a table for 3 at Destino in San Francisco at 1 pm on March 13th. Is that correct?
Well, now it is only for 2 people.
You would like a table for 2 at Destino in San Francisco at 1 pm on March 13th. Is that correct?
Yes. Do they serve alcohol?
Your reservation is confirmed. It does not appear that Destino serves alcohol.
Ok. I'll need a ride there.
You are going to Destino at 1815 Market Street. Is a shared ride OK?
You bet. A shared ride would be fine.
You want a shared ride for 2 to Destino at 1815 Market Street in time for your 1 PM reservation. Is that correct?
Exactly. That is correct.
Your ride is booked.
Cool, thanks!
Do you require anything else?
Not just now, thanks.
Let me know if I can be of any further service.
I do not feel like cooking. Any good places out there I can eat at?
Would you like chinese or mexican cuisine?
A burrito for me would be ideal
In which city?
In mountain view.
There are 9 such restaurants in mountain view. How about Agave Mexican bistro. It is a wonderful establishment.
Yes, why not.
You would like to make a reservation there?
Yes, go ahead. I want a table for 2 for the 13th of March at 12:30
You would like a reservation for 2 at Agave Mexican bistro in Mountain view for 12:30 pm on March 13th?
That would be fine. Would there be live music?
There is no live music. My apologies, but the reservation was unsuccessful. Should I try for a reservation for 2 at Agave Mexican Bistro for 1 pm on March 13th?
Yeah, that would work.
I have made the reservation.
Is alcohol served? What is the address?
Alcohol is served. It is located on 194 castro street.
Thanks. I would need transport to get there.
Would you like a shared ride?
That would be ok.
You would like a shared ride for 2 to go to 194 castro street?
Yes, that would be it.
The cab will arrive shortly.
I am grateful for your assistance.
Would there be anything else?
No, thank you.
Enjoy your day.
Hello! I'm a newbie that I came abroad recently. Please can you help me to find some good restaurants to have food?
Sure! Do you preference for food?
Yup! I would love to have some Barbecue kind of food.
So, where you wish to dine?
San Fran would do great.
Okay! There is a restaurant where you can have BBQ joint serving ribs & other meat-centric fare in a quirky space within a repurposed brownstone and its name is Baby Blues Bbq located in San Francisco. Do you prefer this one?
Might be. Do they provide liquor? Can I have their address?
Nope, they don't. They are located at 3149 Mission Street.
Is there any other good restaurants?
Yup, the Camp Bbq is also a nice one in San Francisco.
Hmmmm..... Still, do you have any other suggestions for I'm looking for a economical priced restaurant.
Okay! There are 2 restaurants which will fit your price limit. The Hardwood Bar & Smokery will suit your taste and is located in San Francisco.
Oh!!! if so, it would work for me.
So, do you wish to reserve a table here?
Yup, I wish to book a table here.
What is your preferred timing for the reservation?
Please can you make it by 10:30 am.
Sure! Please can you confirm me that you wish to book a table at Hardwood Bar & Smokery in San Francisco at 10:30 am for 2 people on March 1st. Is that right?
Yup, that would work for me.
Sorry, I couldn't make the reservation. Do you want me to help you with anything else?
Please can you try the booking again. Please can you make it at 11:30?
Sure! So, you wish to book a table at Hardwood Bar & Smokery in San Francisco at 11:30 am on March 1st for 2 people. Is that correct?
Yup, you're correct. Do you have phone number? Will they provide liquor?
Nope, they do not serve alcohol. You can reach them at 415-796-2437. Your reservation is successfully made.
Thank you so much. Please can you get a cab to go there?
So, you wish to go to 680 8th Street Ste. 170, right? Do you prefer shared ride?
Yup, that works for me.
So, can you confirm that you want a shared ride?
Yup, you're right.
Please confirm that you wish to have a shared ride to reach the place at 680 8th Street Ste. 170 and the cab is booked for 2 people. Is that right?
Yup, it works. How long will it take to reach the destination? How much I've to pay for the ride?
You've to pay $9.04 for the ride and it will take about 23 minutes to reach the destination. Your cab is booked and its on your way.
Thanks much for your help.
Any other thing you want me to assist you?
Nope, thanks a lot for helping me.
Have a wonderful day.
I am looking for a place to eat.
What sort of food are you looking for? You can choose American, Chinese or anything else available.
Any kind of Freshwater fish would be perfect.
In which city should I search in?
Look for it in Union City.
Hong Kong Restaurant is a nice restaurant in Union City.
Do they serve any liquor?
They do not serve any alcohol.
What is their phone number and how pricey are they?
The phone number for the place is 510-487-1033. Their price range is inexpensive.
Yes, that works fine. I would like to make a reservation at this restaurant.
At what time will the reservation be for?
Book it for half past 11 in the morning.
Please confirm these details: Table for 2 at the Hong Kong Restaurant in Union City. The reservation will be on March 1st at 11:30 am.
Yes, that works.
Your reservation is all set.
Thank you very much. I would like to get a cab for 1 person to go to 4100 Dyer Street. I am okay with a shared ride.
Please confirm these details: You want a cab for 1 to go to 4100 Dyer Street. You want a shared ride.
Yes, that sounds good to me. How long will the ride be?
Your ride is set and the cab is on the way. The ride will last approximately 16 minutes.
Thank you very much for the help.
Will you need anything else?
No, thank you for the help.
Have a wonderful day!
I want some food. Can you find me an eatery with live music?
I need a city and a preferred food, if any.
I'd love to have some lobster in Oakland. Also, make sure the place serves alcohol.
I found 1 restaurant in Oakland relevant to your specifics. It is Lake Chalet. How does that sound?
Sounds good. I'd like to book a table for three for 16:45 on Monday next week.
Okay. You want me to book a table for 3 at Lake Chalet in Oakland at 4:45 pm on March 4th?
Actually, make it on the 14th of this month.
Sure. You instead want to eat at Oakland on March 14th?
Yes.
Sorry, I couldn't reserve your table. Would you instead like for me to book a table for 3 at Lake Chalet at 5 pm on March 14th?
Sure, that's good.
I have booked your table.
Okay. I also need a cab ride to 1520 Lakeside Drive.
Is a shared ride fine?
Yeah, that's fine.
You want a shared ride for 3 to 1520 Lakeside Drive?
Yes, I do. How long will the ride last?
I booked your cab and it's heading to you as we speak. The ride should go on for roughly 22 minutes.
Thanks for the help.
Will you need anything else from me?
Not now. Thanks for the help.
Have yourself a wonderful day.
I want something average priced that is latin american
what city do I need to look in?
I want something costly in san fran
I located 3 in barcino in san francisco
tell me their contact number
number is 415-430-6590 and it is at 399 grove street
yes that is good
anything else for you?
I wanna make a reservation at the restaurant.
what time is it for?
it's at a quarter past 7 in the evening
confirm booking at barcino in san francisco. it is for 7:15 pm for 2 people on march 1st
yes, do they have live music?
they do not. I could not make it at barcino. want me to try for 2 on march 1st at 7:30 pm?
yes that is good
the reservation wenr through
thanks a lot and I want to get a cab there
want a shared ride?
I will take a shared ride
confirm 399 grove street for 2 people
yes that is fine
the ride is booked
how much is it?
it is $22.63
thank you very much
do you want anything else?
no thank you
have a good one
I'd like to find a place to eat.
What kind of food would you like? Please say Italian, American or any other kind of food.
A burger would be great.
Where should I search for it at?
I'd like to find one in SF.
1760 is a great option in San Francisco.
What are some other options? I'd like to find one that is expensive and serves alcohol.
I have found 10 restaurants that might work. 25 Lusk is a great choice in San Francisco.
Could you tell me some more choices? I'd like to find one in Danville.
Blackhawk Grille is a great place in Danville.
What's their phone number? And do they play live music?
They don't play live music. Their number is 925-736-4295.
That'll work for me. I'd like to make a reservation.
What time would you like it at?
Please make it for 6:30 pm.
Please confirm the following: You want a table for 2 people at Blackhawk Grille in Danville on March 1st at 6:30 pm.
Yes, that'll work. What's the address?
The reservation has been made. The address is 3540 Blackhawk Plaza Circle.
I'd like to get a cab.
How does a shared ride sound?
A shared ride would be fine.
Please confirm the following: You want a shared ride cab for 2 people to take you to 3540 Blackhawk Plaza Circle.
Yes, that's correct.
The ride has been booked and is on its way.
Thanks so much for your help!
Is there anything else?
Nope, that'll be all. Thanks for everything!
Have a wonderful day.
Please find me an economical restaurant serving American fare.
Do you have a particular city I should search in?
It should be in SFO.
I found Academy Bar And Kitchen, a nice restaurant in San Francisco.
Please find out whether they serve alcohol and get me their phone number.
They don't offer alcohol, and their contact number is 415-775-1800.
Okay, sounds good.
Should I go ahead and reserve a table?
Yes, please reserve a table.
For what time should I make the reservation?
Please reserve it for one pm.
Okay. Please confirm that you'd like to reserve a table for 2 at Academy Bar And Kitchen in San Francisco, for 1 pm on March 1st.
That's correct. May I have their address please?
They are at 1800 Fillmore Street. Unfortunately, I was unable to make your preferred reservation at the nice Academy Bar And Kitchen restaurant. There's an open table for 2 on March 1st at 12:30 pm. Will that be fine?
Yes, that's fine with me.
I have successfully made your reservation.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful. Now please get me a cab going there.
How do you feel about a shared ride?
I don't mind a shared ride.
Please confirm that you'd like 2 shared ride seats in a cab going to 1800 Fillmore Street.
Sounds good to me.
I have successfully booked your cab and it should be here shortly.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful. That will be all for now.
Thank you, and do have yourself a wonderful day!
I want to eat food out side for some days when I have free time. So I need your help to find nice places to eat.
Let me know your desired City to search for and also please inform your desired type of food like Mexican, Chinese or anything like that?
I want to search for the places to eat in Palo Alto especially for the Breakfast.
Found 3 nice restaurants and Bistro Maxine restaurant is the best one for you in Palo Alto.
Get their address details to confirm the same.
The address is 548 Ramona Street.
Let me know their contact number.
It is 650-323-1815. Any more details you need to decide.
That's enough and this looks fine for me. Please book for a table at that restaurant.
At what time?
I need to book it at 2 pm.
Please confirm to book a table for 2 at Bistro maxine in Palo Alto for the time 2 pm on March 1st.
Yes, that is confirmed. Check whether the price is in fancy range?
Unfortunately I could not make the reservation as per your wish. May I help you in any other way?
Yes, please try to get the reservation for different time that is 12:30.
Please confirm to book a table for 2 at Bistro maxine in Palo Alto for the time 12:30 pm on March 1st
That is correct to proceed further.
I have successfully reserved the table in that restaurant.
Thanks. Get me a Cab to go there and share ride will be okay with me.
Need your confirmation to book a Cab with shared ride for 2 persons to 548 Ramona Street.
That is correct. Check for the cost for that reservation.
I have booked the Cab and the same will reach you soon. The cost for this ride is $18.24.
Thank you for your help.
Anything else you need to do?
Nothing for now. Thanks.
Have a good day.
I want a place to eat
what city to look in?
look in Oakland
what food is it?
I want it afforadable and cambodian
4 restaurants found and one is holy basil pho in oakland
suggest another place cause I don't have a price preference
4 restaurants. One is binh minh quan in oakland
what is the address?
the address is 338 12th street
is there liquor there?
No alcohol there
yes that is good
wanna get a table there?
yes I want one
what time is it?
4:30 pm please
confirm Binh Minh quan in Oakland for 4:30 pm and for 2 people on March 1st
yes that is good
I could not make reservation
I wanna try again at 6:15 pm
confirm binh minh quan in Oakland at 6:15 pm for 2 people on march 1st
yes, what is the number?
number is 510-893-8136 and at binh minh quan for 2 people on march 1st at 6 pm
yes that works
reservation was good
I want a cab for two
confirm 338 12th street for 2 people
no it is for just one
confirm cab for 1
yes that is well
the ride is booked
thank you very much
have a good one
How about some good food in Concord?
What style would you like?
Maybe some Tex-Mex with alcohol. Tequila might hit the spot.
There are 2 options. What about Chili's Grill & Bar in Concord?
Ugh, they aren't really mexican.
What about Guadalajara Grill? It's the other choice. It's in Concord.
Is it low priced? What street are they on?
It's moderate. They're on 5446 Ygnacio valley Road.
Fine, get me a reservation.
What time do you want to eat?
What about 18:30?
Fine, I have: 2 for Guadalajara Grill in Concord. It's for 6:30 pm, march 1st?
Fine, what about mariachi or live music?
Sorry no on the tunes but their phone is 925-672-4430.
Get me a cab, I'm ready.
How about a shared ride?
That's fine, go ahead.
Here's what I have. 2 for a trip to 5446 Ygnacio Valley Road.
That's it, yes.
The cab in en route.
Perfect, I can't wait.
Do you need something more?
Not now thanks.
Enjoy your meal.
I will be meeting with some friends and we want to go to eat. What places do you recommend?
What type of cuisine are you looking for? And where do you want me to look for a restaurant?
Search for something in Albany that sells Szcheuan food.
There are 2 restaurants that you might like. How about China Village Restaurant in Albany.
That sounds good.
Do you want to book a table?
Yes, I want to book it at eleven in the morning on the 13th.
Please confirm: Booking a table for 2 people on March 13th at 11 am at China Village Restaurant in Albany.
You know what, make it at 12:30 pm.
Please confirm: Booking a table for 2 people on March 13th at 12:30 pm at China Village Restaurant in Albany.
That is correct. I just wanted to know the price, is it affordable? And does it have live music?
The table has been booked. They do not have live music and the price range is moderate.
Thanks a lot, I will need a cab to arrive. Can you search for one?
Is a shared ride okay with you?
Yes, it is okay
Is your destination 1335 Solano Avenue?
That is correct.
Please confirm: Getting a shared ride cab for 2 people to go to 1335 Solano Avenue.
Confirmed. How long will the ride last? And what is the cost?
The cab is booked and it's on its way. The ride lasts around 25 minute and has a cost of $8.75
Thanks a lot, that would be all.
Have a great day.
Could you help me find a place to eat?
Any particular city I should search in?
Please find a place in San Francisco.
What's your cuisine preference? Do you prefer Chinese, American or another type of cuisine?
Please find Diner type food served.
Among the 10 nice San Francisco restaurants I found, is 1760.
What other options do you have?
How about 25 Lusk, another nice San Francisco restaurant?
Could you suggest a restaurant that serves alcohol?
Okay. What about Alba Ray's, a nice restaurant in San Francisco?
Is there live music?
No, there isn't live music.
Okay, I like that.
Should I go ahead and reserve a table?
Yes, please reserve a table.
For what time would you like the table reserved?
It should be for half past 6 in the evening.
Okay. Please confirm that you'd like to make a 6:30 pm., March 1st reservation for 2, at Alba Ray's in San Francisco.
No, there's been a change of plans. Please make it 14th of March at 11:30.
Sure, no problem. Please confirm that the reservation is for March 14th at 11:30 am.
That is correct. May I have their phone number?
I have successfully made your reservation. You can call them on 415-872-9409.
Where are they located?
They are at 2293 Mission Street.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful. Now please find me a cab to go there.
Would you mind sharing a ride?
I don't mind a shared ride.
Let me see if I got everything correctly: You'd like a shared ride for 2 people, going to 2293 Mission Street.
Yes, that is correct. What's the price?
I have successfully booked your cab and it should be here shortly. The cost is $12.78.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful. That will be all for now.
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
Find an economical priced restaurant in San Francisco.
Cuisine?
American.
Academy Bar and Kitchen is in San Francisco.
Good, reserve a table.
What time?
For seven pm.
Please confirm: table for 2 at Academy Bar and Kitchen March 1st in San Francisco at 7 pm.
Yes.
Your table is booked.
Get a cab there, to 1800 Fillmore Street on a shared ride.
Please confirm: shared ride for 2 to 1800 Fillmore Street.
Yep.
Your ride is on its way.
Thanks, that's all I needed.
Have a nice day.
Find me a restaurant to eat at.
What city do you want to eat in?
I want some intermediate priced food in San Francisco.
What type of food do you like?
I want to eat some Cambodian food.
Search revealed 10 results. Baan Thai House & Wine Bar serves Cambodian food in San Francisco.
That is perfect.
Do you need something more?
Book me a table reservation there.
What time do you want to eat?
I want to eat in afternoon 12:15.
You want a table for 2 at Baan Thai House & Wine Bar in San Francisco on March 1st at 12:15 pm. Is that right?
That is correct. Can you give me their phone number and their location?
You can contact them at 415-379-4505 and they are located at 534 Irving Street. I could get you table there. Do you want to make a reservation at Baan Thai House & Wine Bar for 2 people on March 1st at 12:30 pm?
Yes, that is fine.
Your table is booked.
Thanks a bunch. Can you get me a ride to get there?
Are you okay with a shared ride?
A shared ride is fine with me.
You want a shared ride for 2 people to get to 534 Irving Street. Is that right?
That is correct. Can you give me the final price?
Your booking was successful and your ride is coming right now. Your total bill is $18.23.
Thanks a bunch. That is everything I need.
Have a good day.
I want to make a restaurant reservation for 2 people at half past 11 in the morning.
What city do you want to dine in? Do you have a preferred restaurant?
Please find restaurants in San Jose. Can you try Sino?
Confirming: I will reserve a table for 2 people at Sino in San Jose. The reservation time is 11:30 am today.
Yes, thanks. What's their phone number?
Your reservation has been made. Their phone number is 408-247-8880.
What's their address? Do they have vegetarian options on their menu?
The street address is 377 Santana Row #1000. They have good vegetarian options.
Thanks very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
I am not in the mood to cook today. I want to eat out at a restaurant instead.
Which area would you like me to look in? Which restaurant would you like to eat in and at what time?
Look for a restaurant in Saratoga. Check to see if I can have a table for 1 at Sipan for 11:30.
You would like a table for 1 person for today at 11:30 am at the Sipan Peruvian Restaurant & Bar in Saratoga?
I would like to book at table at Rosie Mccann's for March 2nd.
You would like me to book a table at Rosie Mccann's Irish Pub & Restaurant for tomorrow?
I want the eat there on the 4th of this month.
You would like to reserve a table for 11:30 am for next Monday?
That would be fine. Is the restaurant costly?
My apologies. The reservation was unsuccessful. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thanks. You have been very helpful.
Enjoy your day.
I want to reserve a table at a restaurant, specifically Bourbon Steak.
Which location of Bourbon Steak do you want to save a table?
Find Bourbon Steaks in San Francisco please.
What time do you want to book the table for?
Please do it for one in the afternoon.
Okay. Just to be clear, you want a table at Bourbon Steak Restaurant in San Francisco for 2 people today at 1 pm.
Yes, that is correct.
Alright. Your reservation has been made.
Thanks for your help. That will be it.
Have a great day.
I would like to make a restaurant reservation at morning 11:15.
Which restaurant do you want to go to?
Can I get a reservation at Andes Cafe?
Which location do you want to get the reservation at?
Find a restaurant in San Mateo.
Please confirm you want to make a reservation for 2 people today at 11:15 am at Andes Cafe San Mateo in San Mateo.
The reservation is just for 1 person.
Please confirm you want a reservation for 1 person today.
That is correct.
The reservation could not be made. Do you want to make a reservation for 1 person today at 11 am at Andes Cafe San Mateo?
Not at this time.
See you soon!
I want to make a dinner reservation on March 5th.
What area are you looking in? What time do you want the reservation for?
I want a restaurant in San Jose, for 18:30, please.
Which restaurant do you want to book a table at?
Can you get me a table at Ludwig's German Table?
So you want a table for 2 people next Tuesday at 6:30 pm at Ludwig's German Table in San Jose?
Yes, that's right.
Your table has been reserved.
What type of food do they serve, and what's the address?
They serve German food. They are located at 261 North 2nd Street.
Thanks. That's all.
Have a nice day.
I want to make a reservation at a restaurant.
Okay, I can do that. Is there a particular restaurant that you wish to visit?
Can you look at Villa Romano in Napa?
Yes. What time?
Try for afternoon 12:45.
No problem, please confirm: reservation for 2 at Villa Romano in Napa, today at 12:45 pm.
Make it for 4 people.
Okay, please confirm: reservation for 4 people at Villa Romano.
Actually, can we change it to Big 4.
Please confirm: table for 4 people at The Big 4.
Yes, that's right.
I'm sorry, I couldn't make that reservation for you. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it.
Have a great day.
I need to taste good food , i am very much eager to taste different food varieties from my normal routine food. Will you book a table at a restaurant?
At which location i should search for and at what time i need to book a table ? whether any special restaurant you like to book a table?
Find restaurants in SFO and at time 13:00 ? Can you try booking a table at Tuba?
ok please check and review the details for confirmation. Table need to be booked at Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant in the city San francisco at time 1 pm and number of people is 2 for the date is today.
No Find restaurants in Livermore and Book a table at simply fondue?
Ok please once again check and review the following details. Table need to be booked at Simply Fondue at the city Livermore.
Ok That's correct.
Reservation is successful.
Thanks a lot for your help. thats all i need
Take care have a great day
I want to go out to eat somewhere.
Do you know what restaurant you would like to go to? Or at least what city you want to eat in?
I want a restaurant in SF. I heard that a place called Zaoh is really good. I wonder if it has any free seats?
What time would you like to eat there at?
I'd love to go there for lunch, so 12 o"clock in the afternoon.
You want to make a reservation for 2 at Zaoh in San Francisco for 12 pm today. Is that correct?
No. The reservation should be for 4 people, and it should be for the 8th of this month.
You want me to book a table for next Friday for 4?
Yeah. I wonder what I should wear? Is Zaoh an ultra high-end restaurant?
Sorry, I can't book a table for you. Do you need anything else?
That's all, thanks.
Enjoy your day.
I'd like to make a restaurant reservation.
What's the restaurant, where is it located, and what time would you like the reservation for?
It's called House Of Genji and you can look for it in San Jose. I want the reservation for evening 6:15.
I'll make a reservation for House Of Genji in San Jose today at 6:15 pm for 2 people, is that correct?
Yeah, that's right. Do they do outdoor seating?
They don't have outdoor seating. I also was not able to make the reservation. How about today at 6 pm for 2 people at House Of Genji instead?
That won't work for me.
Do you any other kinds of help from me?
No, thanks a lot.
Okay, have a pleasant day.
I wanna book a restaurant reservation on the 14th of March
What restaurant do you want?
Can you find me a table at Mcdonald's
What time do you want me to reserve?
Try for 12:30
Which branch do you want?
Find me one in Livermore
There's a Mcdonald's in Livermore than I can reserve at 12:30 pm for 2 people on March 14th.
Yes that works, but do they have vegetarian options?
Your reservation is made, and no they don't have any vegetarian options unfortunately.
What is their phone number and address?
It's 925-961-9090 and it's at 805 North Vasco Road
Thank you so much, that's it for now.
Sure thing, have a good one
I want to book a table at a restaurant. Is there anything available at Uncle Yu's. I don't care what date.
Which location do you want? What time would you prefer?
Please look in Livermore for a reservation at 7 in the evening. I'd prefer Wednesday next week.
Confirming: I'm booking a table for 2 at Uncle Yu's At The Vineyard in Livermore, for next Wednesday at 7 pm.
Sorry, please make it 3 people. Can you look at Mai instead?
Please confirm: I am booking a table for 3 people at Mai Vietnamese Cuisine.
Yes, that's correct.
Sorry, there are no tables available at that time. Can I help you with anything more?
Can you try again? This time look for 5:15 pm.
Confirming: I am booking a table for 3 people at Mai Vietnamese Cuisine in Livermore, at 5:15 pm next Wednesday.
Yes, please. What type of food is on their menu? Do they have vegetarian options?
Sorry, I was not able to make that reservation. Anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Have a good day.
Can you book a table at a restaurant?
Sure, in which city and which restaurant?
I would like a table at the Tacolicious in San Jose for 7:30 in the evening.
Confirm: table for 2 at Tacolicious in San Jose for 7:30 pm today.
Can you find a table at Isushi in Castro Valley instead please?
Booking a table at Isushi in Castro Valley.
Can you make it for the 14th of this month please?
Yes, the date is March 14th in Castro Valley.
Yes, that is perfect.
Your reservation was made.
Thank you for your assistance.
Is there anything else you need?
No, that is all thank you.
Have a good day.
I need help with a reservation in a restaurant.
What is the time of your reservation?
It's for 6:45 in the evening.
Where do I have to look for your restaurant?
Look around San Jose.
Do you have a favorite restaurant in mind?
Yes, go for Lalla.
Read the data and give me the green light. You are looking for a table for 2 at Lalla Grill in San Jose for today at 6:45 pm
Yes, you can proceed.
Unfortunately, I can't do that. Do you want me to see if there's a table for 2 available at Lalla Grill today at 6:30 pm?
Yes, try that.
This time you got it!
That's wonderful.
Do you still need me?
No I don't, thank you.
Enjoy your evening out. Bye.
Can You help me in booking a table for four people at a restaurant?
Do you have a preference in restaurants?
Can you look for Taverna restaurant in Sunnyvale?
What time would you like me to reserve the table for?
Book the table for evening 5:45.
Please confirm: You want me to reserve a table for 4 people at Taverna Bistro in Sunnyvale for today at 5:45 pm.
Yes, That sounds good to me.
Regretfully I would like you to inform you that your reservation at Taverna Bistro was made. Do you want me to try for 4 people for today at 6 pm?
No. Don't do thst.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. That will be all. Thank you.
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day.
Please make a dinner reservation in Livermore.
Which venue do you prefer?
I like Sai's T.
What time?
12:00 please.
I understand I am making reservations today for 2 at Sai's T Restaurant in Livermore at 12 pm.
I changed my mind. How about Kiku restaurant.
You want a table for 2 today at Kiku Sushi. Is that right?
Exactly. What food type is on the menu?
Making a reservation was not posible. Is there something else you need?
No, that's all.
Have a lovely day.
Can you help me reserve a table at a restaurant? I'd like to book at Royal Rangoon.
What time would you like your reservation to be? Which city is the restaurant in?
I'd like the reservation at quarter to 12 in the morning. The restaurant is in Berkeley.
So you would like a reservations for 2 at the Royal Rangoon Restaurant in Berkeley? The reservation is today is at 11:45 am.
No, I'd like to reserve it on the 3rd of this month.
So you'd like to make a reservation at Royal Rangoon Restaurant the day after tomorrow?
Yes, that sounds correct. What's the restaurant's rating, and what kind of food do they serve?
Sorry, I wasn't able to make a reservation. Royal Rangoon Restaurant serves Chinese food and their rating is around 4.5. Should I try to make a reservation for 2 at 12 pm on the day after tomorrow?
Yes, sounds good.
Your reservation is confirmed.
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thank you.
Have a nice day.
I am making dinner plans with a friend and would like to book a table at a restaurant.
Which location shall I search and what time would you like the reservation for?
The reservation will be for 7 in the evening for a restaurant in SFO.
Which restaurant would you like?
Can you try to book it for Kittea Cat?
You would like a reservation for 2 at at Kittea Cat Cafe in San Francisco for today at 7 pm. Is that correct?
Yes, that is correct.
The reservation was successful.
Thank you. That is all I need for now.
My pleasure. Have a great day.
I'd like to book a restaurant table.
Where should I look?
Look for restaurants in Albany.
Is there a particular restaurant you would like to book at?
I want to try out Kathmandu Restaurant.
What time do you want the reservation to be?
Make it at two pm.
Okay, please confirm these details. You would like to book a table at Kathmandu Restaurant in Albany for 2 people. This reservation is for 2 pm today.
No, actually I want a table on the 11th of March. Would you try booking at Rokko?
Okay, so you would like me to book a table at Rokko for March 11th?
Yes, that is fine. Is the restaurant pricey?
Sorry, I could not make a reservation. Do you need help with something else?
No, that is all.
Have a great day.
I'd like to find a table for a restaurant in SFO.
Okay, which restaurant would you like to look at, and when would you like to go?
I'd like to go to El Tesoro at 11:45 am.
Please confirm: You'd like a table at El Tesoro Taqueria & grill in San Francisco for 2 people at 11:45 am today.
Works for me, do they have vegetarian options?
Reservation made, and yes, they do.
Thank you very much.
Do you need anything else?
Nope, thank you so much.
Have a great day.
I haven't eaten there for a while. Can you make a reservation for me at that restaurant for 12:30 pm.
Sure, but what restaurant are you talking about? And what city is it in?
Ah, sorry. I want to go to Tonayan in Rohnert Park. I need a reservation for three people.
You want a reservation at Tonayan in Rohnert Park for 3 at 12:30 pm today. Is that correct?
Actually, I just remembered my friends aren't big fans of Mexican food, so I'll only need a reservation for one. I'll go somewhere else with them today, so can you book me a table for tomorrow, on the 2nd of March?
Sure. You want a table for 1 at Tonayan tomorrow?
Yeah, that's right.
Your table has been booked.
Thanks a lot. I don't need anything else.
Enjoy your day.
Can you make me a restaurant reservation?
What time do you want a table for?
Can you make one for 7:15 pm
Which city are you interested in?
Find one in San Jose
What restaurant would you like to make a reservation at?
Try to book me a table at Tanchito's on March 8th please
So a 7:15 pm table for 2 at Tanchito's Restaurant in San Jose next Friday?
Yes that's food, what kind of cuisine is that?
Sorry I couldn't book a table actually, can I do anyth`ing else?
Can you book another table? Find places in Albany.
How about the Tanchito's Restaurant in Albany next Friday at 7:15 pm for 2?
No, try the 3rd of March
Confirming that you want a table at Tanchito's Restaurant for the day after tomorrow
Yes that's good, do they have outdoor seating?
Sorry I couldn't book that either, what else can I do?
Try to book again but at 12:30 pm
Confirming that you want a 12:30 pm table for 2 at Tanchito's Restaurant in Albany for the day after tomorrow yes?
Actually I changed my mind, let's try Dickey's
OK, so a table for 2 at Dickey's Barbecue Pit?
Yes that's good
Sorry I couldn't book that either, what else can I do?
No nothing else for now, thanks for trying
OK, take care
I would like to eat something in a restaurant on the 8th of this month.
Have you thought about the time you want to be there?
Yes, 1 in the afternoon is fine.
Do you have a favorite restaurant?
Yes, see if there's room at Koryo.
Where is it located?
It's in Oakland.
Confirm your request. You need to make a reservation for 2 at Koryo Sushi in Oakland at 1 pm next friday.
Yes, can you send me the address? Can you also provide me the ratings?
The reservation has been made. The restaurant is in 4390 Telegraph avenue D and the rating is around 4.0
Thanks a lot, I'm done.
Bye sir.
Hi i need a help, One of my friends coming to this city for meet me, I am looking to book a table at a restaurant for him?
Sure, I will help you, at what time should i try to book for?
book at 6:45 pm
Which city should i search in? Which restaurant do you want to book a table at?
Try to book a table at Sakana Sushi in SF
please confirm the following details: Booking a table at Sakana Sushi bar & Grill at San francisco on today 6:45 pm, The reservation for 2 people
no, book for only one people
please confirm the following details: The reservation is at 6:45 pm and the reservation for 1 people
Yes, that's right, what is the address of the restaurant?
Congrats, your reservation is successful, Restaurant address is 605 Post Street
Ok, Could you give their phone number?
Sure, Their phone number is 415-775-7644
thank you very much for your help, That's all i need.
you are welcome, Shall i help you with anything more?
No, thanks, bye
Have a wonderful day, bye
Today is my wedding anniversary and I want to book a table at a restaurant as a surprise to my wife.
I am happy to help. What area would you like me to search for restaurants in?
I would like it to be close to my wife's office in Oakland.
Do you have a specific restaurant in mind and what time would you like me to set the reservations for?
Yes, Sidebar is her favorite restaurant so let's book the table there at seven in the evening.
Okay, before I make those arrangements for you please confirm that the details I have are correct. You want a table for 2 at Sidebar, located in Oakland, today at 7 pm. Is that correct?
Yes, that's perfect. She will be so surprised.
I have confirmed those reservations for you and you should be all set for this evening.
Thank you for your help, I couldn't have done it with out you.
Have a great day and enjoy your meal.
I have a plan to eat outside for which I need some nice restaurant. Please help me to book a table.
What is your desired location to eat?
I like to eat at some nice place in Lafayette.
Let me know your convenient time to eat, so that I can search according to you.
11:45 in the morning is the convenient time for me and make the booking accordingly.
Any preferred restaurant?
Yes, try to book a table in The Cooperage, that was the nice place.
Please confirm to book a table for 2 in The Cooperage American Grille in Lafayette at 11:45 am today.
Yes, that is great. continue.
Your reservation was successfully made at this place.
Thanks and that's all.
Have a great day.
Man, I'm starving. I'd love to have a hearty meal out tonight. Can you reserve me a restaurant at 6 in the evening?
Do you have a specific restaurant in mind? Where should I search?
I'd like for you to check out what's available in Walnut Creek. I'd particularly like it if you could book me a table at Vanessa's Bistro 2.
Okay then. You want to reserve a table for 2 at Vanessa's Bistro 2 Vietnamese Restaurant in Walnut Creek, at 6 pm today?
Actually, make it at 18:15 on the 12th.
Okay. The reservation should instead be at 6:15 pm on March 12th?
That sounds right. Also, I'm a vegetarian. Does their menu have options that will be okay for me?
You have successfully booked a table. Vanessa's Bistro 2 does have vegetarian meals.
Can I have my meal outdoors at Vanessa's?
Unfortunately, you cannot.
Thanks for the answer.
How else can I assist you?
Not for anything else right now. Many thanks.
Hope you enjoy your meal at Vanessa's.
I'd like to make a restaurant reservation, can you help me?
What restaurant do you need the reservation for? Also, what time is the reservation and where is the restaurant located?
The restaurant is Blue Gingko Blackhawk. Look for it in Danville. The reservation is for next Monday at 5:30 in the evening for one person.
Okay, please confirm this for me, I'll make a reservation for 1 person at Blue Gingko Blackhawk in Danville next Monday at 5:30 pm?
No, sorry. It's for 3 people for next Thursday.
Okay, so it's for 3 people next Thursday, is that right?
Yes, that's right. Do you know if they have outdoor seating, and what's a phone number I can reach them at?
They have outdoor seating available and you can reach them at 925-648-7838 by phone. I'm sorry I couldn't make the reservation. Do you want me to try to make a reservation at 5 pm next Thursday for 3 people at Blue Gingko Blackhawk?
Yeah, try that.
I've made the reservation for you.
Thanks a lot, I don't need any more help.
Have a good rest of your day then.
I want to book a table in a restaurant for 3 people
Which is the restaurant you like and the location?
I am interested in San Francisco. Can you please try booking a table at Hakka.
What is your timing?
Please book at evening 4:45.
Please give confirmation details: Booking a table for 3 people at Hakka restaurant at 4:45 pm today in the city of San Francisco.
This is perfect. Does the restaurant have vegetarians options on the menu and can you provide me their address?
Sorry, your booking can not be done and the hotel does not provide vegetarian option. Their address is 4401 Cabrillo Street. Should i book for 3 people today at 5 pm as Hakka restaurant is nice.
yes that is perfect.
Your booking has been done.
Thanks a lot
Do you need any help from me?
No, thanks a lot.
Have a great day.
Let's do some restaurant exploring right now. I need a nice, ambient dining spot for a business meeting. Let's get a reservation booked and checked off my to-do list, please.
Okay, I can help you with that. Do you want me to find a particular restaurant at a specific location? And, what is the time you want for the reservation?
You're right on it, aren't you? That's great. Let's book a table at a restaurant in San Fran for 5:30 in the evening. Oh, wait. I remember the name of the restaurant I'm looking for. It's called The City.
Got it. A table is being reserved for 2 persons at The City Taqueria in San Francisco for today at 5:30 pm. Shall I confirm that for you?
Uh, hold that, please. I've got to change the reservation to one person. And, what's my chance of getting a table at The Grill instead?
A table is being reserved for 1 person at The Grill. Do you approve of that?
Yes, you have my approval to do it now. And, I need the phone number, too.
Apologies. Your table could not be booked at this time. Would you like any other assistance?
Well, I guess we'll have to table that and I'll let you know later. Thanks so much.
Of course. Enjoy your day.
I want to check the weather in El Sobrante on the 6th of March 2019.
The average temperature for the day should be 76 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 9 percent chance of rain.
Okay, how about the weather in Guerneville on the 1st of March 2019?
The average temperature for the day should be 89 degrees Fahrenheit with an 11 percent chance of rain.
How humid is it supposed to be?
There should be around 28 percent humidity.
Okay.
Do you need anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Goodbye.
Can you tell me what the weather is like in Nairobi, Kenya.
The temperature average during the day is 105 degrees Fahrenheit. And there's also a 0 percent chance it will rain.
Alright, how's the weather for Kenwood on March 5th 2019?
It will be 90 degrees Farhrenheit on average during the day, and there's a 27 percent chance it will rain.
Alright, can you tell me the weather for 1st of March 2019.
It will be 92 degrees Fahrenheight on average during the day, and there's a 23 percent chance it will rain.
Okay, that's all I need. Bye!
Take Care.
Can you check the weather in Montara?
The average temperature for today is 89 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 8 percent chance of rain.
Thank you. That's all I needed.
Have a nice day.
Please check the weather.
What city do you need?
Please check in Clayton.
The temperature is forecasted to be 70 degrees with a 1 percent chance of rain.
What about Forestville on March 12th.
The temperature should be 75 degrees with a 14 percent chance of rain.
How windy is it suppose to be?
The wind should be around 10 mph.
What is the humidity going to be?
The humidity is expected to be around 36 percent.
Yes, that is ok.
Anything else today?
No, that is all.
Have a nice day.
I wonder if it's gonna rain. Can you check the weather?
In which city?
In San Pablo.
The average temperature should be 73 degrees Fahrenheit with a 2 percent chance of rain.
Sure, good to know.
Can I help you in anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks.
That's great. Have a good day.
I want to do weather check at San Anselmo
The average day temperature need be 89 degrees Fahrenheit.There it is 28 percent chance of rain
How much windy and humid it might be there
The humidity level there is 23 percent with average wind speed around 3 miles per hour
ok, that is all. Bye then
Cheers for now
Give me the weather update for the 1st of March 2019 please.
Sure, for which city?
Please check the city of Stanford.
Sure thing. On March 1st 2019 the weather is estimated to be 73 degrees Fahrenheit. Please keep in mind there will be a 29 percent chance of rain.
Find the humidity expectation for that day please.
Sure, humidity is expected to be around 47 percent.
ok, thanks for that information.
your welcome. Will there be anything else?
Nope, that's it.
OK, Have a good one.
I'm trying to decide what to do today. Can you tell me what the weather is suppose to be like?
I can help you with that. What location would you like me to check the forecast in?
Can you tell me the forecast for Pinole on March 1st 2019?
I can see that the average temperature for the day you specified should be 91 degrees Fahrenheit with an 18 percent chance of rain.
Great, thanks for all your help. Goodbye.
Goodbye.
I want to check the weather for the 12th of March 2019.
Which city?
In El Cerrito, please.
The average temperature for the day should be 88 degrees Fahrenheit, with an 18 percent chance of rain.
What's the humidity, and how windy will it be?
The humidity should be around 25 percent, with an average wind speed of 1 mile per hour.
Okay.
Is there anything else you want?
No, that's all, thanks.
Goodbye.
Could you check the weather in Alamo?
The average temperature today should be 81 degrees. There's also a 12 percent chance of rain.
How about Novato on the 12th of March 2019
The average temperature should be 77 degrees and there's a 6 percent chance of rain.
What about March 2nd 2019?
Average temperature should be 71 degrees with a 1 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy?
Wind speed should be about 3 miles per hour.
Okay, thank you.
Is there anything else you need?
No thanks, that'll do it.
Have a great day.
Please check the weather in Discovery Bay
77 degrees Fahrenheit is the average temperature and a 9 percent chance of rain
What about on March 12th
70 degrees Fahrenheit is the average temperature and there is 23 percent chance of rain
What about on 10th of March 2019
85 degrees Fahrenheit is the average temperature for the day and 15 percent chance of rain
OK perfect. That's all for now. Bye
Cheers
I require to do weather check in San Jose on March 10th 2019
The average day temperature have to be 74 degrees Fahrenheit and there is 18 percent chance of rain
sure that is ok
you need anything more?
No, thank you
Cheers for now
What is the weather like in Bodega Bay.
The average temperature at daytime is 80 degrees and there is only a 28 percent chance of rain.
What about the humidity level?
Humidity is around 44 percent.
Okay great. That's all for now.
Thanks.
What's the weather forecast for March 9th 2019 in Seattle?
The average temperature for the day will be 64 degrees. There's a 14 percent chance of rain.
How humid will it be?
The humidity is forecast at 13 percent.
Will it be windy?
The average wind speed will be around 5 miles per hour.
Okay. Thanks. Bye!
Have a good day.
Please tell me the weather forecast for March 4th.
Can you name the city you wish to know the forecast for?
I want to know the forecast for Toronto.
On March 4th, the temperature should be 70 degrees Fahrenheit with a 38 percent chance of rain.
I better make sure to dress cool for that day. Thanks for the information. That will be all for now.
You are quite welcome. Have a nice day.
I have to do weather check in Moraga.
The average day temperature is running at 70 degrees Fahrenheit and the chances of rain is 23 percent.
What is your opinion on March 7th 2019
The average day temperature is running at 73 degrees Fahrenheit and the chances of rain is 12 percent.
That is perfect. Bye
Be happy always.
I need to see the weather in Windsor
The average temperature will be 86 degrees Fahrenheit with a 21 percent chance of rain
OK, what about the weather in Las Vegas
It will be 84 degrees Fahrenheit and will have an 18 percent chance of rain
Ok, that's good, bye for now
Ok, have a good day
Can you get me a weather report for Yountville California?
Sure, the average temperature will be 75 degrees. There's only a 7 % chance of rain.
What's happening in Morgan Hill, March 4th?
The average temperature there is 72 Degrees F. There is a 29 % chance of rain.
Great, now I know.
Cool, (I think).
What is the weather going to be like on the 10th of March 2019?
What city should I check?
Please look at Lafayette.
There's a 14 percent chance of rain and the temperature will average 75 degrees.
Cool. What about March 6th?
The temperature will be 86 degrees on average and there's only a 1 percent chance of rain.
Alright. Can you check in Bolinas?
There's a 22 percent chance of rain and the temperature will average about 92 degrees.
Cool. Thanks! That'll be it.
Have a good day!
I want to do weather check in San Mateo.
There the average temperature for the day is at 80 degrees Fahrenheit and there is also 13 percent chance of rain.
What is your opinion on Larkspur on March 3rd.
There the average temperature for the day is at 85 degrees Fahrenheit and there is also 23 percent chance of rain.
That is cool.
Any other information you want me to look in?
No, thank you very much.
so be happy
I have a plan to make a trip but if weather is good i wish to travel. So will you find and check the weather on March 6th?
In which city do you wish to check the weather ?
In Petaluma city.
The average temperature for the day is 91 degrees fahrenheit and there is a 10 percent chance of rain.
Okay, Tell me how about the temperature in Union City?
In union city the average temperature for the day should be 71 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 19 percent chance of rain.
Okay, How about the temperature is on March 9th?
The average temperature for the day will be 79 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 1 percent chance of rain.
Ok thats great.
whether i need to find any other thing?
No. thanks a lot!
take care have a great day
Can you tell me the weather in KL?
The average temperature should be 102 Fahrenheit with an 8 percent chance of rain.
How about Clayton on March 14th?
The average temperature should be 72 degrees Fahrenheit with a 6 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be?
10 miles per hour on average.
Sure, okay.
Is there anything else?
No, thank you very much!
You're welcome!
I would like to check the weather for the 5th of March 2019.
In which city should I check?
Please check in Tomales on the 11th of March 2019.
The average temperature for the day is 89 degrees and there is a 23 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy? How humid will it be?
The humidity is low at 25 percent as is the wind at around 2 miles per hour.
Thank you.
Is there anything else that you need?
No thank you.
Cheers, have a nice day.
I want to plan something outdoors, so I want to check the weather for March 4th.
Can you tell me the city where you would like to check the weather forecast?
I am planning to go in Tomales, so that's the location for which I want to know the weather forecast.
I can see that the average temperature in Tomales for the day will be 85 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 28 percent chance that there will be rain.
Alright, can you also look into Toronto, Ontario for March 13th 2019?
I can see that the temperature in Toronto, Ontario for the day will be 62 degrees Fahrenheit, also there is a 1 percent chance that it will be raining.
Fine, that's good. That's all I needed. Later then!
It was a pleasure!
Check the weather in Olema, California for me.
The average temperature for the day in Olema is 91 degrees Farenheit. Today, there is a 21 percent chance of rain.
Alright, yea. How about on the 3rd of March 2019?
On the 3rd of March 2019 in Olema, California, the temperature is expected to average around 87 degrees Fahrenheit, and there will be a 23 percent chance of rain.
How about in Marshall on March 1st 2019?
In Marshall on that date the average temperature is expected to be around 86 degrees Fahrenheit, and there will be a 5 percent chance of rain.
Alright, cool. Thanks a bunch.
You're welcome, will that be all?
Yea that's it for now.
Okay, enjoy your day.
I need some quiet, outdoor harmony to balance out a wild day of back-to-back meetings. What kind of weather do you show for March 10th 2019, please?
Ready to assist you. Tell me the city you want to check and I can let you know.
Yes, take a look at Tiburon.
Okay. It is reported that the average day's high is expected to be 85 degrees Fahrenheit with a 15 percent possibility that it will rain.
Well, now, and what's the weatherman saying for the 5th of March 2019?
It is reported that the average high fo that day is expected to be 94 degrees Fahrenheit with a 20 percent possibility that it will rain.
I see. Take a look at Calistoga for me, please.
The report for that city is showing an average high of 73 degrees Fahrenheit for the day with a 12 percent possibility that rain will come.
Okay, well done.
Would you like any more assistance at this time?
You've provided all the info I need for now. Many thanks.
That's all for now. Enjoy the rest of your day.
I'd like to check the weather report in Rutherford.
Today's average temperature in Rutherford will be 86 degrees Fahrenheit with a 28 percent chance to rain.
How windy will it be?
The average wind speed will be around 10 miles per hour.
Alright, thanks! That will be all for today.
Thank you, have a great day!
Can you tell me what the weather will be like in San Bruno on the 8th of March 2019?
The average temperature should be 91 degrees Fahrenheit with a 10 percent chance of rain.
Okay, how about in Fresno, CA on March 3rd 2019?
The average temperature should be 77 degrees Fahrenheit with a 18 percent chance of rain.
Okay, that's all I need. Bye for now.
Have a good day!
Can you tell me if it is going to rain?
What city would like to check?
LAX please.
It will be a nice 76 degrees Fahrenheit with a 28 percent chance of rain.
What about on March 2nd.
It will be 93 degrees Fahrenheit with a 29 percent chance of rain.
Ok thanks
IS there anything else I can do for you.
No that will be all.
Have an enjoyable day ahead.
I want to check the weather in Palo Alto.
The average temperature should be 79 degrees Fahrenheit for the day and chance of rain is 4 percent.
How windy and humid is it expected to be?
The wind average speed should be 4 miles per hour and humidity is around 19 percent.
Sure. It is okay.
Do you like anything else?
No, thanks for your help.
Best wishes.good bye
What is the expected weather in Inverness on March 10th?
The temperature is expected to be 90 degree Fahrenheit with a 3 percent chance of rain.
What about in Union City?
The average temperature is 86 degrees Fahrenheit with a 9 percent chance of rain.
What are the humidity and wind suppose to be like?
The humidity is expected to be around 23 percent, wind 6 mph.
Sure, that will be great.
Anything else today?
No, that will be all.
Have a wonderful day.
What is the weather forecast on March 4th in Alamo?
There is a 24 percent chance of showers with an average temperature of 94.
What is the forecast the 1st of March 2019?
A 12 percent chance of showers with an average temperature of 81.
What is the forecsst in Hayward?
A 9 percent chance of showers with an average temperature of 80.
Thank you. That's all I need.
Have a lovely day.
What's the weather in Napa?
The daily average should be 85 degrees with a 24 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy?
Predicted wind speed of 6 miles per hour.
Oh okay.
Anything else I can do?
No, thanks.
Cheers.
I want to know what the weather will be like on March 2nd.
Sure. What city's weather do you need to know?
I want the weather of Nairobi.
The temperature of Nairobi has an average of 86 degrees for March 2nd.There's also a slight 6 percent chance that it will rain.
Not bad. Now, can you tell me the temperature of Valley Ford for the 12th of March 2019?
Valley Ford's average temperature for March 12th is 92 degrees. The percentage of precipitation is 11.
What's the wind going to be like? And what about the humidity?
The wind has an average of just 1 mile per hour, and the humidity is expected to be about 34 percent.
That seems fine.
Do you need help with anything else?
That's all. Thanks!
Have a nice day.
Hi I'm having guests over to BBQ. Can you check the weather in Discovery Bay?
The temperature today will be around 77 degrees Fahrenheit with a 9 percent chance of rain.
Thanks, and what about 9th of March 2019?
The temperature for your requested day will be around 89 degrees Fahrenheit with an 11 percent chance of rain.
Great, thanks.
Is there anything else you need?
No, that's all.
Have a nice day.
Do you know of any good places to eat?
Sure. What type of food are you interested in and where should it be?
I've got a hankering for some Burmese food. It should be in San Fran.
I've found 5 restaurants in San Francisco you may want to check out. The first is B Star, which is a very nice restaurant.
Yeah, that sounds good. Can I get a reservation for a table there?
Sure. What time do you want to go?
Please book the table for this afternoon 12:30.
Okay, to confirm: You want a table at B Star in San Francisco today at 12:30 pm. It will be a reservation for 2 people.
Yes, that sounds perfect.
Alright. Your table is booked.
Thanks a lot! That's all I need.
Have a great day!
Can you help me find a place to eat?
What type of food are you looking for and where would you like me to look?
Please find some average priced italian restaurants in Berkeley.
I have located Cugini Restaurant in Berkeley.
Can you recommend other ones?
Donato & Co. is a nice restaurant located in Berkeley.
Yes, that sounds good. Can you please book a table for one?
What time would you like?
Please make the reservation for 12:15 in the afternoon.
Please confirm the following: Booking a table today at 12:15 pm for 1 at Donato & co. in Berkeley.
No, the table needs to be for a party of four, and please make the reservation for 12:30 in the afternoon.
Please confirm the following details: The reservation is at 12:30 pm and for 4 people.
No, please look for a table on the 5th of March.
Please confirm the following details: The reservation is next Tuesday at 12:30 pm.
Yes, that is correct. What is the restaurant's rating?
Your reservation is successful. The restaurant has an average rating around 4.3.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No thank you.
Have a nice day.
I'm in the mood to eat something find me anything that have available serving Pick-up.
In what city you want to be?
In Santa Clara would be perfect.
A nice restaurant in Santa Clara is Chili's Grill & Bar .
Yes sounds good.
You want to reserve a table there?
Yes make it for 3 people,please.
At what time you want to be?
On 7 in the evening.
Book a table at Chili's Grill & Bar in Santa Clara at 7 pm today for 3 people.I'm right?
Yes perfect.Is the restaurant very expensive?
Reservation is successful .Is a moderate restaurant.
Thank you for help
Can I help you with something else?
No.Thank you very much.
Have a great day!
I'm searching for a place to eat
What kind of food do you want to eat?
I would prefer restaurant tagged ultra high-end for price serving diner
How about the location?
In San Fran
Acquerello is a good restaurant in San Francisco
Yes that's perfect
Would you like to book a table there?
Yes I want to reserve it
At what time should I reserve it?
Make it at 11:30
Please confirm this: Booking a table at Acquerello in San Francisco at 11:30 am today for 2 people
No make the table for one people
Please confirm this : The date is today for 1 people
No. Look for a table on 12th of this month
Please confirm this : The city is San Francisco on March 12th
Yes that's perfect for me
Your reservation has been made successfully
Thank you so much
Can I assist you something else?
No. Thanks a lot
Have a wonderful day
I feel like treating myself today. I plan to take myself out to a restaurant.
What type of cuisine are you interested in?
Asian sounds pretty good.
Where would you like to go out to eat?
I want to eat in Palo Alto.
There are 3 suitable restaurants. How about Burma Ruby Burmese Cuisine located in Palo Alto? It is a lovely restaurant.
Is there anything else, perhaps in Santa Clara?
There are 7 suitable restaurants there. I wish to recommend Beijing Restaurant, which is located in Santa Clara.
Do they serve vegetarian food.
No, they do not.
Is there anything else? I am a vegetarian, so that is very important to me. I do not mind the price.
There are 2 suitable options for vegetarian food. I wish to recommend Mayuri Indian Cuisine located in Santa Clara.
Does the restaurant have good reviews? Do they provide outdoor seating?
There is no outdoor seating. The restaurant has a 3.5 user rating.
That sounds great.
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, I want a table for 7 in the evening.
You would like a table for 2 at the Mayuri Indian Cuisine in Santa Clara for today at 7 pm?
That sounds perfect.
I apologize, but the reservation was unsuccessful. Anything else I can assist you with?
See if you can book it for half past 6 in the evening instead.
You would like a table for 2 at the Mayuri Indian Cuisine in Santa Clara for today at 6:30 pm?
That would be fine. May I have a contact number and the address for the restaurant?
I have made the reservation. There number is 408-248-9747 and the location is 2232 El Camino Real
Thanks a lot. That is everything I need.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I'm searching for a restaurant; get me one that serves pizza and pasta at San Fran.
I discovered 10 restaurant you may enjoy. There is a lovely diner called 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano at San Francisco.
Can you tell me their contact number, and their user rating?
Their contact number is 415-543-5100, and the rating is near 4.4
Could you suggest alternative diners?
There is a lovely diner called A16 located in San Francisco.
That's perfect. I want to reserve a spot at the restaurant for 3 people.
When do you wish for me to make the booking for?
Make the booking for six in the evening.
Please verify the following information: Rserve a table for 3 people at A16 in San Francisco for today at 6 pm.
Nope. I want a table for one person on the 5th of this month.
Please verify the following information: a booking for 1 person on next Tuesday.
That's fine by me. What's their address,a nd do they offer outdoor eating?
The booking has been made. The address is at 2355 Chestnut Street, and they do not offer outdoor seating.
Thank you for your assistance; that's all.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
I need a place to eat
What would you like to eat? In which area?
I would love a Sushi Bar, in Concord
In Concord I've found Ozora Sushi
Is there also a vegetarian menu?
For vegetarians they have many options
Can you give me the address and phone number of the restaurant?
Sure! 785 Oak Grove Road. Telephone number 925-691-6009
Very well. I would like to book a table
What time would you like to book?
At evening 6, please
A table for 2 people at Ozora Sushi in Concord, today at 6 pm: do you confirm?
Yes, that's right. Is it a cheap or expensive restaurant?
A moderate restaurant. Your table is booked
Thanks a lot!
You need anything else?
No, thanks! It's all
Have a nice day
I am feeling hungry, so I need to find a place to eat.
Is there a specific kind of cuisine that you are looking for?
I would like to be eating some Thai cuisine.
Can you tell me the location where you would like for the restaurant to be in?
I would like for the restaurant to be situated in SF.
I see that 10 restaurants match to what you might like. For example Baan Thai House & Wine Bar is a good restaurant and it can be found in San Francisco.
Can you see if some other restaurant is available? The restaurant I am looking for should be reasonably priced.
I see that 9 restaurants match to what you are looking for. One of the restaurants is Basil which is a good restaurant, the location of which is San Francisco.
Can you tell me the address of this restaurant?
The restaurant can be found at 1175 Folsom Street.
Alright, that seems nice. I would like to book a table at a restaurant.
Do you have a specific time for when you want the table booked?
I will be eating in the afternoon so make the booking to be for afternoon 1.
Can you please confirm that you want to make a booking for 2 people for a table at Basil restaurant which is in San Francisco, and you want the booking to be for today at 1 pm.
That suits me well.
Your booking has been made without errors.
Can you inform me, regarding the rating that users have given the restaurant, and also can you tell me if it has outdoor seating?
Unfortunately the restaurant doesn't have outdoor seating and the rating from it's users is 4.2.
I appreciate it very much! That would be all.
Have a good time!
I will be meeting with a friend and I need to find a place to eat.
Where do you want to look for?
If possible near San Jose.
What type of cuisine do you want?
I am craving some Soup & Salad.
There is 1 restaurant that you might like. McDonald's is in San Jose.
What is the phone number?
The phone number is 408-298-6533.
Are there vegetarian options in the restaurant? And do they have outdoor seating?
They neither have vegetarian options nor outdoor seating.
I want to book a table for the 4th of March?
At what time to you want to book it?
I changed my mind, change it to the 13th of March at afternoon 1.
Please confirm: Booking a table for 2 people at Mcdonald's in San Jose at 1 pm in March 13th.
Make it 3 people. And make it at half past 10 in the morning.
Please confirm: Booking a reservation for 3 people at 10:30 am.
No, make it for 4 people.
please confirm: Booking a reservation for 4 people at Mcdonald's.
That is correct.
Sorry, could not make a reservation. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that would be all.
Have a great day.
I am hungry!
Where should I search? What kind of food would you like?
How about Diner style food. Please search in Lafayette.
American Kitchen is great and located in Lafayette.
Yes, that is great.
Do want to reserve a table?
Yes, please do.
What time should I book the table for?
Make it for 8 in the night.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table for today at American Kitchen in Lafayette. The reservation is for 2 people at 8 pm.
Yes, that is fine. Is it ultra high-end?
Sorry, I was unable to book a table. Can I assist you with something else.
Try again please. But this time, book it for the evening 5:45.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table for today at American Kitchen in Lafayette. The reservation is at 5:45 pm and for 2 people.
Yes, that works well.
Your reservation went through.
Thanks.
May I help you with something else?
No thanks.
Have a great day.
I want to find a place to eat
What location should I check?
Can you find some restaurants in Oakland?
What kind of food do you like?
I need Latin American with vegetarian options
I found 3 you might like. How about Agave Uptown in Oakland?
Can you find me some others? I want something not very costly
I found 2 you might like, how about Bar Cesar in Oakland?
What is their rating?
They have a rating of 4.1
Can you book me a table?
What time would you like?
Make it for 7:15 pm
Just to confirm, you want a table for 2 at Bar Cesar in Oakland at 7:15 pm today?
That works, what's the address?
I can't make that reservation, anything else?
That's all, thank you
You're welcome, have a great day
We're famished and would like to find some place to eat, preferably something serving Diner.
Which city should I search in?
Please look for restaurant in San Carlos.
Among the 4 suitable restaurants I found is a nice one in San Carlos called Izzy's San Carlos.
Sounds interesting, but let me hear your other restaurant recommendations.
Another nice restaurant in San Carlos is Piacere Restaurant.
Thanks. Please give me more restaurant recommendations.
Okay, the other nice restaurant I would recommend is The Cask Wine Bar in San Carlos.
Please find out whether they have outdoor seating.
Yes, they offer outdoor seating.
Sounds perfect. Please book me a table.
For what time should the reservation be?
Please reserve a table for 17:00.
Please confirm that you're making a reservation for 5 pm today, for a party of 2, at The Cask Wine Bar in San Carlos.
Yes, that's correct. Please find out whether they have vegetarian options on the menu.
I have successfully made your reservation. No, there are no vegetarian options.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
Have a great day.
I want to eat somewhere.
What kind of food do you want?
Find some place that serves tacos.
What location do I look in?
Find restaurants in San Jose.
I have 10 restaurants there that you should like. Chacho's is a nice on in San Jose.
Do you have something else you could recommend?
Chevys Fresh Mex is a good one in San Jose.
Okay, that is fine.
Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes, please.
For what time should the reservation be made?
I want my reservation to be made at quarter past 7 in the evening.
Please confirm that you want to book for 2 people at Chevys Fresh Mex in San Jose at 7:15 pm today.
No, it needs to be for 1.
So you want to make a reservation at 7:15 pm for 1?
No, make that March 6th at one in the afternoon.
So you would like your reservation to be at 1 pm next Wednesday?
Okay. Is outdoor seating available?
Your reservation has been made. There is no outdoor seating.
Thank you, that's it.
Have a great day.
I'd like to find a restaurant.
Sure, which location?
In SFO.
What style of food would you like?
Pizza and make sure they cater to vegetarians.
Ok, I've found a wonderful restaurant called 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in San Francisco.
Hmmm, anything else? In fact, I'd like Southern food at any price range.
There's 25 Lusk in San Francisco.
What's there number and is there an outdoor seating area?
The number is 415-495-5875 and unfortunately there's no outdoor seating.
Ok, I'll go with this restaurant.
Great, what time should I reserve a table?
12:00
Please confirm your restaurant booking: A table for 2 today at 25 Lusk in San Francisco for 12 pm.
No, change it to the morning 10:45.
Please confirm the update: A reservation at 10:45 am in San Francisco.
Please change that to Saturday this week, thanks.
Please confirm the updated change: A table for 2, tomorrow.
Perfect
Sorry, this book is not confirmed. How about a table for 2 at 25 Lusk tomorrow at 11 am?
no
Is there anything else?
Nope, thanks.
Have a wonderful day, enjoy.
I want to go out to eat a barbecue place!
Which city are you visiting?
Find something in Redwood City.
I found 6 options you may like- how about Aly's On Main in Redwood City?
Is there outdoor seating?
No, there isn't.
What else can you recommend, I'm easy on price.
I have 5 alternatives- how about John Bentley's Restaurant in Redwood City?
Can you find some alternatives in Los Gatos?
California Cafe is a nice place in Los Gatos.
Are there vegetarian options available? What's the user rating?
It has a 4.1 rating, with good options for vegetarians.
I like the sound of it.
Shall I reserve a table here?
Yes, go ahead, make it for 5:15 in the evening.
So I'll book a table for 2 people at California Cafe in Los Gatos, for 5:15 pm today. Is that okay?
Actually, make the reservation at 17:45.
So I've amended the reservation at California Cafe to 5:45 pm, okay?
No, I want a table for four on 12th of March.
So to confirm, you want a table for 4 people on March 12th, okay?
Yes please, what's the address?
The street address for California Cafe is 50 University Avenue #260. Sorry, I couldn't make your reservation at 5:45 pm, I could try a reservation for 4 people at 6 pm on March 12th instead.
No, don't bother!
Anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks a lot for all you've done.
Have a good day!
Can you find me a place to eat?
What type of food do you prefer?
Find me something where persian food is served.
In which location you want to be?
In San Fran i would like .
I have 10 restaurants according to your requirements.First is located in San Francisco.Is a nice restaurant named Barcha.
Ye sounds good.
You want to reserve a table?
Yes I want please.
At what time you want to be?
Make it for me at 7:15 pm.
Book a table at Barcha in San Francisco today at 7:15 pm for 2 person.Is OK?
Yes is perfect.
The reservation was made.
Tell me the address please.
You can find them at 28 Fremont Street.
Thank you for all.
Anything else I can do?
No.Thank you!
Have a great day!
I want to find somewhere to eat.
What type of food sounds good tonight?
I'd like somewhere with sushi.
What location would you like to find a restaurant in?
Please find me places in San Fran.
Atami Sushi Bar & Grill in San Francisco looks like a nice restaurant.
What's its user rating and where is it located?
It's rated about 4.5 and the address is 1662 Lombard Street.
Yeah, that sounds great. Please book me a table.
What time would you like the reservation?
Please set it for 5:45 pm.
Great, please conform that you would like a table for 2 people today at 5:45 pm at Atami Sushi Bar & Grill in San Francisco.
Yeah, that sounds good.
My apologies, I couldn't make a reservation. Atami Sushi Bar & Grill is nice, should I make a reservation for 2 people today at 6 pm?
Yeah, that's fine with me.
The reservation was successful this time.
Thanks for your help, that's it for now.
Have a great day.
I want to eat out in San Fran.
What style food do you want?
I want Pizza and Pasta.
San Francisco has 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano and it's supposed to be good.
Give me a more moderate priced place please.
Give A16 a try. They are also in San Francisco.
Do they have Al Fresco seating? Where are they?
No on the Al Fresco but they are on 2355 Chestnut Street.
I'll just have to live with that.
Do you want a table?
Please set aside a table for me.
What time will you go?
How about in the evening 6.
Ok, I think I have it: table for 2 at A16 today at 6 pm in San Francisco?
I confirm it. Give me their number please.
You are hereby reserved. Call them at 415-771-2216 if you wish.
That seems ideal.
What else would you need? a Ride?
No, I'm good.
Bon appetite.
Help me please to find a place where I can serve Cambodian food.
Where to be?
In Oakland I would like to be.
In Oakland i found a nice restaurant named Binh Minh Quan.
Are other good restaurants available?
A nice restaurant located in Oakland is Holy Basil Pho.
Can you tell me please the phone number?
you can find them at 510-601-8818.
Yes perfect.Book for me a table at this restaurant please.
At what time you want to be?
Make it at 12:45 in the afternoon.
Book a table at Holy basil Pho in Oakland at 12:45 pm today for 2 person.I'm right?
Yes is good for me.
I'm sorry the reservation failed.You want me to try again for 2 people today at 1 pm because Holy Basil Pho is a nice place.
No.Thank you very much.
Can I still be useful in something else?
No.Thank you.
Have a great day!
I want a Japanese food place.
What location do you want me to look in?
Find restaurants in Cupertino.
I have 4 restaurants for you. What about Amami Shima Sushi in Cupertino?
Tell me about the other ones.
Azuma Japanese Cuisine is a nice one in Cupertino.
Do they have vegetarian choices and outdoor seating?
There is no outdoor seating nor vegetarian options.
Could you recommend something else then?
Pokeworks is a nice on in Cupertino.
Yes, that is great.
Could you reserve a table here?
Yes, please reserve a table for 2.
What time do I need to make the reservation?
Make it for quarter past 12 in the afternoon.
So you want to book at Pokeworks in Cupertino? You would like a reservation or 12:15 pm today for 2. Is that right?
Yes that is good. Is the restaurant pricey? Where are they located?
Sorry, the reservation did not work. Need help with something else?
Could you book a table again for 3 at 18:45?
SO you want to book at Pokeworks in Cupertino, at 6:45 pm today, and it is for 3 people, right?
Yes, good.
Your reservation was successfully made.
Thanks a bunch
Do you need more help?
No, that is it.
Have a great day.
Where is a good dining place?
What town would you like to search?
I want somewhere Al Fresco in Livermore.
What style food do you like?
How about Mediterranean?
1 option for you is Demitri's Taverna. It's a nice place in Livermore.
Whats the rating there?
The user rating is 4.4.
Got it. That's great.
Do you want a table there?
Yes, I need a table on the 10th. I want to eat at 19:15
Ok, to be clear: Table for 2 at Demitri's Taverna in Livermore at 7:15 pm. on March 10th.
No, I'm sorry you misheard. I want the table on the 3rd of this month. I want to go at 6:30 in the evening.
Ok, I think I have it. 6:30 pm. day after tomorrow?
You nailed it, thanks.
You're table is reserved now.
How can I reach them? Where are they?
Location is 2235 First Street. Phone them at 925-373-0306.
Perfect, thanks.
What else would you like?
Nothing, I'm good.
Enjoy your meal.
I need somewhere to eat tonight. Can you help me find a place?
Sure, where should I search? What kind of cuisine would you like?
Please find me some Malaysian restaurants in San Jose.
There is a lovely restaurant called Erawan Thai Cuisine in San Jose.
Is there anything else you can recomment? I'd like something that's not very costly.
I think you'll like Krungthai in San Jose.
What is their contact number? And what about their restaurant user rating?
The restaurant is rated 4.2 stars and you can contact them at 408-260-8224.
That sounds good.
Should I book a table there?
Yes, please book a table for Sunday this week.
What time should the reservation be for?
Make it for one in the afternoon for 4 people.
So you'd like a table for 4 people at Krungthai in San Jose for 1 pm the day after tomorrow. Is this correct?
Yes that's perfect.
The reservation has been made.
Thank you, that'll be all.
Have a great day.
I think it will be better to me if I eat outside once, and I need to search for a nice place to eat.
What is your present location? If you inform me your desired location, I can search for the best place to eat.
I like to eat at some good place in San Jose, will please search here for me?
Is there any particular type of food you are looking for?
Yes, I prefer something with spices like Spicy Noodles.
Found 10 restaurants as per your wish. Among them Erawan Thai Cuisine is the best I think which is located in San Jose.
Is there something else?
Yes, How about a restaurant Krungthai at San Jose?
No, please check with some other Vegetarian Restaurants.
found 8 and Lanna Thai Restaurant is the nice one which is located in San Jose, is that Okay to you?
Is this expensive one? let me know their address.
No, their rates are moderate and their address is 2043 Camden Avenue.
This will be a good one and please book me a table there.
At what time?
Make it at 6:45 pm.
Please confirm to book a table for 2 at Lanna Thai Restaurant in San Jose at 6:45 pm on today.
change the date to 5th of March.
Okay, please confirm to book on next Tuesday at 6:45 pm.
Yes, confirmed, continue with booking.
Sorry, I could not make it on that time, how about a booking for 2 on the same Lanna Thai restaurant on next Tuesday but for the time at 6:30 pm?
No thanks, that's for now.
Have a great day.
I am looking for a restaurant.
Where should I look?
Find restaurants in Benicia.
What kind of food do you want to eat?
I want something that serves Coffee & light bites.
I have 3 restaurants you may like. How about First St. Cafe? That is a nice restaurant in Benicia.
Is outdoor seating available?
There is outdoor seating.
Okay, that is fine.
Would you like to reserve?
Yes, I would. I want a table at 11:30 am this Sunday.
Could you confirm that you want to book at First St. Cafe in Benicia? The reservation is for the day after tomorrow for 2 people at 11:30 am.
No, it needs to be for four. Make me a reservation at half past 1 in the afternoon.
So you would like to make the reservation at 1:30 pm for 4?
Yes that is right.
Sorry, the reservation could not be made. Could I help with another thing?
Could you try that again? I want a table for March 11th.
Please confirm that you want to book at First St. Cafe in Benicia for 1:30 pm on March 11th for 4.
No, it needs to be for 1 person.
So you would like to book for 1 person in Benicia?
Yes, that is good. Cold you tell me the restaurant's user rating and phone number?
Sorry, the reservation could not be made. Shall I help with something else?
No, that is it.
Have a great day.
Can you find me a Moroccan restaurant?
Where should I search?
Find a restaurant in SFO that has outdoor seating.
I found 1 place called Khamsa in San Francisco.
That sounds good. Can you make a reservation at 19:15?
Can you confirm that you want to book at table at Khamsa for 2 in San Francisco for today at 7:15 pm?
Yes, that works.
Sorry, I couldn't book your table for that time. How about a table at Khamsa for 2 people today at 7:30 pm?
Yes, that works.
I reserved your table; can I help you with anything else?
Do they have vegetarian options there and how expensive is the restaurant?
They have many vegetarian options and they have moderate prices.
Thank you so much.
Can I help you with anything else?
No; that's all.
Have a good day.
I'm looking for somewhere to eat vegetarian food.
What kind of food would you like and where would you like me to search?
I like Pizza and Pasta and am looking for moderate priced restaurants in Sunnyvale.
Gumba's in Sunnyvale is a nice restaurant.
Do you have any other recommendations?
Il Postale is also a nice restaurant in Sunnyvale.
How about other restaurants?
Pezzella's Villa Napoli in Sunnyvale is a nice place to eat.
Great. I'd like to reserve a table.
What time would you like me to make the reservation?
I'd like to go at 8 in the night.
Sure no problem. So just to confirm: You would like to book a table for 2 people at Pezzella's Villa Napoli in Sunnyvale today at 8 pm.
Actually no, I'd like to change the date to the 13th of this month and I only need a reservation for 1.
So that's March 13th for 1 person.
I've changed my mind again. Please make the reservation for morning 11:45 for three people.
So that's a reservation at 11:45 am for 3 people.
Perfect. What is the customer rating for the restaurant and do they have outdoor seating?
Unfortunately I have been unable to make a reservation. The restaurant does have outdoor seating and customers have given Pezzella's Villa Napoli restaurant a rating of 4.3. Would you like me to book a table for March 13th at 12 pm instead?
Sure that's fine.
Your reservation has been successful.
Thanks
Do you need help with anything else?
No thanks
Enjoy your day.
I'm searching for a restaurant; get me something from SF.
What type of cuisine are you searching for?
Get me a place that serves pizza.
I discovered 10 diners you may enjoy. There is a lovely diner called 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in San Francisco.
Can you tell me its address?
The restaurant address is 16 Mint Plaza.
Yup, that's perfect for me.
Do you wish to book a table there?
Yeah, I'd like to book a table.
When do you want me to book it for?
Book a table for one person at 18:00 of March 9th.
Please verify the following information: a booking for 1 person at 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in San Francisco for 6 pm on MArch 9th.
Nope. Make the booking for 20:00.
Please verify the following information: a booking for 1 person at 8 pm.
Yeah, that's perfect. What's the diner's user rating?
I apologize, but I could not make the booking. Could I assist you with something else?
Could you try making the reservation once more for one person?
Please verify the following information: a booking for 1 person at 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in San Francisco on March 9th of 8 pm.
Nope. Get me a table for Tuesday next week.
Please verify the following information: a booking for 1 person on next Tuesday.
Yeah, that's perfect. Does the diner offer outdoor seating?
I apologize, but I could not make the booking. Could I assist you with something else?
No, thank you for your assistanace.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
Fine me a place to eat.
Where do you want and what kind of food to you like?
Find me Sushi places in San Jose.
Search revealed 10 results. Do you like Bluefin in San Jose?
What else do you have?
Dan Izakaya Restaurant is in San Jose.
Does their menu have vegetarian food?
They do not have vegetarian food.
What is their contact number and their rating?
Their contact number is 408-249-6020 and it is rating 4.4.
That works for me. Make a reservation.
What time do you want?
I want a reservation for evening 6:30.
You want a reservation for 2 people at Dan Izakaya Restaurant in San Jose today for 6:30 pm. Is that right?
No, I want it on the 10th for 1 person.
You want a reservation for March 10th for 1 person. Is that right?
That is right. What is their address and do they offer outdoor seating?
Your booking is confirmed. Their location is 1306 Saratoga Avenue and they don't offer outdoor seating.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need anything more?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
I'm starving! I need to get myself some food.
Any type of food in mind? Where should I look?
I'm in the mood for lobster right now. Is there anywhere that serves that in Walnut Creek?
Andy's Sushi sells lobster, and is at Walnut Creek.
I'd like to be aware of some other restaurants. Can you find me some reasonably priced restaurants in San Jose?
How about Ariake? It has some inexpensive food, and is located at San Jose.
That sounds good.
Would you like to reserve a table at Ariake?
Yes I do.
What time would you like?
I'd like to reserve a table for 1 at morning 11:30.
Okay. So, I should book you a table for 1 at Ariake in San Jose, at 11:30 am today?
Actually, I need some extra time to prepare, and a few of my friends want to come along. Can you instead make the reservation at 1:15 pm for 3 people?
Okay. You would rather book at table for 3 at 1:15 pm?
Yes. What's the user rating of the restaurant? Can I have their meals outdoors if I so desire?
I'm so sorry! I couldn't reserve your table. As for your questions, the users rank it highly, with an average of 4.0. Outdoor seating is unavailable. Now then, would you be okay with me instead booking your table for 3 at Ariake on today at 1:30 pm?
Yes, that would be fine.
I have successfully reserved your table.
Great! Many thanks.
Can I do anything else for you?
Nope! That'll be all. Thanks.
I hope you have a wonderful time at Ariake.
I'd like to find a place to eat.
Okay. Can you tell me what kind of food you'd like, and the area you want the restaurant to be?
I want to eat at a Southern restaurant, in SF.
I've got a good one here, called 1760. It's in San Francisco, as you wanted.
Can you give me their phone number? How expensive a restaurant are we talking?
The number there is 415-359-1212. They are pricey, in term of cost.
Could you recommend any other restaurants?
Okay, how about 25 Lusk? That's a nice place in San Francisco.
Can you give me the name of any other restaurants? I want to go someplace pricey.
Here's one, 3rd Cousin. It's in San Francisco.
That sounds good.
Do you want me to reserve you a table there.
Yes, please reserve me a table. I want to eat there on Wednesday next week.
What time do you want me to try to get a reservation for?
I'd like to eat at 6:45 pm.
Okay, let me confirm. You want me to make a reservation at 3rd Cousin in San Francisco, next Wednesday at 6:45 pm, for 2 people.
That sounds great. Can you check if they have outdoor seating?
I couldn't make a reservation, sorry. They don't have any outdoor seating. But 3rd Cousin is really a nice nice restaurant. Want me to try again for a reservation, maybe next Wednesday at 6:30 pm for 2?
That will work.
This time the reservation was successful.
Great, thanks.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thanks. That's all.
I hope you have a great day!
Could you help me find places to eat that serves breakfast?
Any preferred location you would like to visit?
I would prefer one that is located in Vacaville.
I have found 2 restaurants, one of which is Los Reyes Restaurante Y Cantina located in Vacaville.
That sounds great.
Do you need me to reserve a table for you?
Yes, please do so.
At what time would you like to reserve the table for?
Please make the reservation at 17:15, thanks.
Please confirm your reservation for 2 at Los Reyes Restaurante Y Cantina at Vacaville today at 5:15 pm.
Could you change the date to next Friday instead?
Please confirm your reservation next Friday at 5:15 pm.
That's fine. May I have their address please?
They are located at 21 Town Square Place # A. Unfortunately I was not able to make the reservation. Would you like to reserve a table of 2 next Friday at 5:30 pm at Los Reyes Restaurante Y Cantina instead?
Sure, that is fine with me.
Your reservation has been made.
Thanks a bunch, that's all I need.
Sure, have a great day ahead!
I would like to go to a restaurant.
Where would you like to go?
Look for places in Berkeley.
Are you in the mood for a particular food?
Yes, scan the area for Freshwater fish.
There are 4 restaurants that can satisfy your cravings. What about Akemi Japanese Restaurant in Berkeley?
Look on the menu if they also offer vegetarian food. What are the ratings?
The rating is 4.3 and the vegetarians have so much to choose from the menu.
That's excellent. Book a table please.
What time do you want to be there?
Book at evening 4:45
Confirm me the details before I proceed. You want a table at Akemi Japanese Restaurant in Berkeley. You want it for today at 4:45 pm and it must be for 2 people.
Yes, you can go on.
The table has been reserved.
Where do we have to go?
You need to reach 1695 Solano Avenue.
Can we seat outside?
No, they don't offer this option.
Thanks a lot.
How can I help you now?
You can't, I'm good.
Bye sir.
Hey! We have a business lunch outing this month and I would prefer to reserve table for the business lunch outing. Can you find some good hygienic dining?
Sure! which is your preferred location?
We would like to have in Danville. Please find some good restaurants there.
Do you have any food preference like Thai, American, Chinese etc or looking for an ordinary lunch?
We would love to have some Italian specials.
Okay! There is a good rating restaurant, Incontro Ristorante located in Danville. Do you wish to have your lunch here?
Yup! Sounds good.
Can I help you in reserving a table at this restaurant?
Sure. Please reserve a table for the 10th of this month.
At what time you people will be available?
We will be available for the reservation at around 6:45 pm.
Let me give you the booking details. Please confirm me. So you would like to book a table at the restaurant Incontro Ristorante in the city Danville at 6:45 pm on March 10th. The reservation for time being would be for 2 people, right?
Yup. You're correct.
Okay! I made the reservation for you. It's successful.
Thanks a lot. I am done with.
Have a wonderful day.
I need to find a play to eat
Sure, what kind of food do you like? What area are you looking for?
I like Asian Fusion. I want something not very costly in Oakland
I found 5 that you might like. How about Battambang Restaurant? It is in Oakland.
Any other restaurants that are good in SF?
I found 10 you might like. How about Bai Thong Thai in San Francisco?
Sure, that works
Should I reserve a table?
Yes, go ahead
What time works best?
Make it for 13:00
Just to confirm, you need a table for 2 at Bai Thong Thai in San Francisco at 1 pm today?
Make it for four people
Ok, so for today and for 4 people?
Can you make it for the morning 11?
Ok, so just to confirm, you want the reservation for today and 11 am?
Yes! What is their phone number and rating?
Sorry, I can't make that reservation, anything else?
Can you try again, make sure it is or four people
Just to confirm, you need a table for 4 at Bai Thong Thai in San Francisco at 11 am today?
That is correct
Sorry, I can't make that reservation, anything else?
No, that's all, thanks.
Have a great day
I would like to eat in a restaurant.
Do you also have a specific food request?
Yes, I would love to try Himalayan
Where do I have to look?
Look in the San Rafael area.
There 1 restaurant called Napoli Pizza-taste of the Himalayas and it's in San Rafael.
Do they serve vegetarians food?
No, I'm afraid they don't.
It's fine with me. Get a table for three people at 13:00
Okay, confirm me the following before I go on. I'll book a table at Napoli Pizza-taste of the himalayas in San Rafael for 3 people. The table is for today at 1 pm
Yes, you can go on now.
I apologize, the reservation is not possible. Can I assist you in some other procedure?
Try to make the reservation at evening 6.
Okay, read the specifics and tell me if they are correct. You want a table at Napoli Pizza-taste of The Himalayas in San Rafael for 3 people. You want to go today at 6 pm.
Yes, it's correct. Do you know if the restaurant is pricey? Can you tell me the address?
The reservation is confirmed. The location is 869 4th street and it is classified as a moderate restaurant.
That's great, bye for now.
Enjoy your evening.
I want to go out to eat, please find a restaurant.
Please indicate the type of food you'd like to eat and the location where you would like to eat.
I'd like to eat somewhere in San Mateo. Sushi sounds good.
There are 7 results that meet your criteria. There is a restaurant in San Mateo called Daiki Sushi. How does that sound?
That sounds good.
Do you want to reserve a table for this restaurant?
Yes, please make a reservation at this restaurant.
For which time would you like to make this reservation?
Please reserve a table at 17:30.
Please verify the following details. You would like to reserve a table for 2 today at 5:30 pm. The restaurant is Daiki Sushi in San Mateo. Is this correct?
Yes, that's correct. Please tell me the reviewer rating of the restaurant, and their contact number.
The reservation request has been made successfully. The average rating of this restaurant is 3.9. You can contact the restaurant at 650-522-9698.
Thank you, I don't need anything else.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I'm feeling peckish, can you find me somewhere to eat?
I sure can. Where would you like to eat? And what kind of food do you fancy?
Can you see if there's anything in Mountain View that serves Turkish food?
I've found 1 in Mountain View called Cafe Baklava, it looks nice
Yeah that sounds great. Can you book me a table?
Sure, what time?
Half past 5 in the evening please
Okay, just to confirm, do you want me to book a table for 2 today at Cafe Baklava in Mountain View? I'll book it for 5:30 pm.
Yes please. Do you know if they have vegetarian options, and do they have outdoor seating?
Table booked! Yes they have outdoor seating and it looks like they have some good vegetarian options
Great, thank you. I don't need anything else.
No problem, have a lovely meal!
I'd like to find a place to eat.
Where would you like me to search?
I'd like to eat in San Jose.
What kind of food would you like?
I'd like to eat Barbecue.
There are 10 restaurants that meet your criteria. There is a nice restaurant in San Jose called 71 Saint Peter.
Does the restaurant have outdoor seating.
Yes outdoor seating is available.
Do you have any other recommendations?
Another option in San Jose is Bazille.
How about other restaurants?
Billy Berk's in San Jose is a nice place.
Do they have outdoor seating?
Unfortunately they don't.
Okay Fine. I'd like to book a table for March 13th.
What time would you like to book a table for?
Please make the reservation for 12:15.
Sure so just to confirm: You would like to book a table for 2 on March 13th at 12:15 pm at Billy Berk's in San Jose.
Perfect. What is the customer rating of the restaurant and where are they located?
Your booking has been confirmed. The restaurant has a customer rating of 3.7 and the address is 99 South 1st Street.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need help with anything else?
No thanks.
Enjoy your day.
My best friend is in town and I'd like to take him out for a meal. Please recommend some restaurants for me.
Which city should I search in?
Please search for restaurants in Moraga.
Do you have a particular cuisine in mind?
A restaurant serving Pizza and Pasta works for me.
I found 2 nice restaurants that you may be interested in. How about La Finestra Ristorante, in Moraga?
I've dined at La Finestra Ristorante several times and would like a change. You mentioned 2 restaurants. What is the other recommendation?
Ristorante Amoroma is also another nice Restaurant in Moraga
Please give me their address and phone number.
They are at 360 Park Street, and you can call them on 925-377-7662.
Sounds good to me.
Will there be anything else?
Please help me book a table for two at the restaurant.
What time would you like to reserve it for?
The reservation should be for afternoon 1.
Let me see if I got everything correctly: Reserving a table for 2 for today at 1 pm, at Ristorante Amoroma in Moraga.
That is correct.
I have successfully made your reservation.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
Do you need help with anything else?
No. Thank you very much.
Have a great day.
I'd like to find a place to eat in Santa Rosa. Can you find a restaurant that serves Barbecue?
I've found 9 results. How about Belly Left Coast Kitchen & Taproom in Santa Rosa?
Do you have other options? How about in Newark?
I've found 1 result. How about Chuck E. Cheese's in Newark?
Yes, sounds good.
Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes, please. I'd like a table on March 12th.
What time would you like the reservation?
I'd like to book a table for one at quarter past 11 in the morning.
So you'd like to book a table for 1 at Chuck E. Cheese's in Newark? The reservation is at 11:15 am on March 12th.
Yes, sounds good. What's the address?
Your reservation has been confirmed. The address is 39839 Mowry School Road.
Thank you, that's all I needed.
Have a nice day.
I'm kinda hungry. Can you help me find a place where I can eat?
What kind of food do you feel like eating?
Something Latin American.
In what location?
Milpitas, please.
Baja Cactus is one of the good ones in Milpitas.
Do they have vegetarian options?
They have a few good ones, yes.
Do they have outdoor seating?
Unfortunately, they don't.
I think that's good for me. Can you book me a table for the 12th?
Around what time?
At 11:30 am, if possible.
Please confirm: you want to book a table at Baja Cactus in Milpitas on the March 12th. A table for 2 at 11:30 am.
That works. What's their user rating and address?
Your reservation was successful. They have a 4.3 rating and are located on 338 South Main Street.
Thanks a lot.
Can I assist you in anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you.
Have a great day.
I would like a restaurant in SF
What kind of food should it serve?
I'd like a Diner
In San Francisco there's 1760
Is it an intermediate priced or expensive restaurant?
It's a pricey restaurant
Ok, It's good for me! Reserve a table at one in the afternoon
A table for 2 people at 1760 in San Francisco for today at 1 pm: do you confirm?
No, I prefer a table on 5th of March at six pm.
A table at 6 pm next Tuesday: It's correct?
Yes, It's correct, thanks
Unfortunately it is not possible to make a reservation. Can I look for something else?
Try to book for the 14th of this month
A reservation for 2 people at 1760 in San Francisco, for March 14th at 6 pm: It's correct?
Yes, It's correct
It is not possible to make a reservation. Can I look for something else?
No, thank you very much
Have a nice day
I will be gathering with some friends, what restaurants do you recommend?
What type of cuisine do you want to eat? And where do you want to look for?
If possible in Oakland and that they serve Freshwater Fish.
There are 7 restaurants that match your criteria. There is a restaurant in Oakland called Alamar Kitchen & Bar.
Do you know of any other restaurant?
There is also a restaurant in Oakland called Judoku Sushi.
What is the price range of the restaurant?
It is a moderate price range restaurant.
Are there other restaurants?
There is also a restaurant in Oakland called Lake Chalet.
What is their phone number?
The phone number is 510-208-5253.
That sounds great.
Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes, please. If possible for next Wednesday for three people.
At what time do you want your reservation?
Looking to book a table for the 9th of March at afternoon 12.
please confirm: Booking a table for 3 people at 12 pm on March 9th at Lake Chalet in Oakland.
Yes, that is correct. Are there vegetarian options?
The table has been booked. And they do have vegetarian options.
What is the price range of the restaurant?
It is a moderate price range.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that would be all.
Have a great day.
I am looking for a place to eat that serves Oriental.
Should I search any particular location?
Can you find restaurants in Orinda?
Siam Orchid is a nice restaurant in Orinda.
Is it an ultra high-end restaurant?
It is a moderate one.
Ok, that will be good.
Would you like a table reserved?
Yes, I would like to reserve a table for the 3rd of March.
Do you know what time you would like it reserved for?
Yes, please make it for in the evening 6:45.
Please confirm that you would like to book at table at Siam Orchid in Orinda the day after tomorrow at 6:45 pm for 2 people.
Yes, perfect, can you give me their user rating?
Their user rating is about 4.4 and I have made your reservation.
Thank you, that is all I need for now.
Ok, have a wonderful day!
I'm in the mood for some good music, can you find me something?
Sure. Do you like Connar Moon? There's a good song called Annie on the Oxford album
When did it come out?
It was released in 2018
What genre is it?
It's a folk song
I'm not really feeling Folk. Do you have anything else?
Do you like Halsey? I think you might like the song Colors, it's on the Badlands album
Oh yes, that one sounds perfect. Can you play it on the speaker in the kitchen?
Of course! Just to confirm that you're happy for me to play Colors on the kitchen speaker?
Actually can you play it in my bedroom?
Sure. Just confirm that you're happy for me to play Colors on your bedroom speaker?
Yes please!
No problem! I've put it on for you, hope you enjoy.
Thank you. What year is it, '11? And what genre is it?
It's an electropop song from 2015.
Cool, thanks - I don't need anything else
Great. Enjoy the music!
I need to hear some nice songs, Country songs will be better.
found 10 results that suit you and All on me by Devin Dawson in album Dark Horse is the nice one.
Yes, this will be a good one.
Shall I play it now?
Yes, do it for me now.
Please confirm to play All On Me song on TV.
No, I like to listen it in the Kitchen speaker.
Then, please confirm to play All On Me song on Kitchen speaker.
Sorry to trouble you, please play it on my bedroom device.
It's okay, please confirm to play the song All On Me on Bedroom speaker.
Yes, that works fine.
Started playing the song, you can enjoy it now.
What is the year of release of this song?
It was released in the year 2017.
Thanks for your information, that's enough.
Have a great day.
I'm searching for music. There are plenty of wonderful music in the album Stories.
I discovered 1 music for you. What is your opinion about Broken Arrows by Avicii in the album Stories?
What type of song is it, and it it from nine years back?
It is pop music from 2015.
Yeah, that's perfect for me. I'd like to listen to songs.
Please verify the following information: cast the song Broken Arrows on TV.
Yeah, that's right.
Have fun with your song.
Thank you so much! that's all.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
I'm after some music!
Okay what about Open Up by Matt Simons from his album After the Landslide?
What else is there?
You could try She Loves Control by Camila Cabello from her album Camila.
What about a song from Wake up Dreaming?
Okay I've got 1 song here, The Zombie Song by Stephanie Mabey from her album Wake up Dreaming.
What kind of music is it?
This is pop music
Okay great sounds good.
Do you want me to play it?
Yes please, can you cast it to the kitchen speaker
Confirming you want to hear The Zombie Song on the kitchen speaker.
Yes please. Is this song from five years ago?
Now playing your song! It was released in 2012.
Thanks so much.
Do you need anything else?
No, that's all.
Enjoy your music.
I'd like to hear some music, please find a song for me.
Okay, how about the song Before I Cry by Lady Gaga off of the album A Star is Born Soundtrack. Would you like to hear it?
No thanks, please find another song.
Okay, how about the song Barefoot in the Park by James Blake off of the album Assume Form. Would you like to hear it?
No, please find another song for me. I like the artist Limbo.
Okay, how about the song Airplane Mode by Limbo off of the album Holo. Would you like to hear it?
Is it that song from nine years back?
This song is from 2017.
Yeah that's it, I want to hear that song. Please play it on any device.
Please verify the following details. You would like to hear the song Airplane Mode on the TV. Is this correct?
Yeah that's right.
Please enjoy the song.
Thanks.
Do you require any further assistance?
No that's all.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Can you help me find a song? I enjoy country music.
I have 10 recommendations. How about All On Me by Devin Dawson in the album Dark Horse?
That sounds good.
Should I play the song?
Yes, play it on the kitchen speaker.
So I should play All On Me on the kitchen speaker?
Actually, play it in my bedroom instead.
So I should play All On Me on the bedroom speaker?
Yes, please do.
The song has begun.
Thank you, that's all I wanted.
Have a nice day.
I want to find a song from about six years back.
What about Alive by Sia in the This is Acting album?
What sort of music is it?
The song is a pop song.
Yes, that's it.
Do you want to play this song?
Yes.
Could you confirm that you want to play the song Alive on the TV?
No, put it on the kitchen device.
Please confirm that you want to play the song Alive on the kitchen speaker.
Yep, that is right.
Enjoy listening.
Thanks! That is just what I needed.
Have a great day.
Can you find me a song?
Sure. How about Small Town Boy by Dustin Lynch from the album Current Mood?
What genre of music is that?
It's a Country song.
Okay, that should work.
Do you want me to play it?
Yes. Please go ahead.
To confirm, you want to play Small Town Boy on the TV.
Yes, that would be perfect.
Playing it now. Enjoy!
Thank you so much.
Do you need help with anything else?
Nope. That will be all. Thanks.
Have a great day!
I want to hear a good song.
How about Only You by Ric Hassani from The African Gentleman.
Do you have something else?
How about Focus by Ariana Grande from Dangerous Woman.
How about something from '14?
How about Addicted by Popcaan from Where We Come From.
yes that is good.
Please confirm Addicted on the TV.
Change to play on speaker in the kitchen.
Confirm Change to play Addicted the kitchen speaker.
change to play on my bedroom speaker.
Confirm to play Addicted on my bedroom speaker.
I confirm. What is the genre?
It is a Reggae song and enjoy.
Thank you that is all I need.
Have a great day.
I'd like to listen to some music. Please find me some pop music from two years ago.
There are 10 results that fit your criteria. Would you like to hear Airplane Mode by Limbo off of the album Holo?
Yes, that's the song I want to listen to. Please play it on the speaker in the kitchen.
Please verify the following details are correct. You would like to hear Airplane Mode on the Kitchen speaker. Is this correct?
No, I'd rather hear it on the speaker in the bedroom.
Please verify the following details are correct. You would like to hear Airplane Mode on the bedroom speaker. Is this correct?
Yes, please do that.
Please enjoy the song.
Thanks.
Do you require any further assistance?
No, that's all.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Can you find me some Electropop songs?
There are 10 songs. How about Battle Symphony by Linkin Park from the album One More Light?
Can you find me the year of it's release?
The song was released in the year 2017.
Is there some other songs by Halsey from 2015?
How about Colors by Halsey from the album Badlands?
Yes, That is the song I want to listen.
Do you want me to play the song?
Yes please, Play it on kitchen device.
Please confirm: You want me to play Colors on the Kitchen speaker.
Yes, That is right.
Your song is playing. Enjoy the music.
That will be all. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day.
Hi, i need a help, I love for listening songs, Could you find some songs for me?
Sure, i will help you, I found 10 good songs for you, Do you like Still Ridin Shotgun by Tyler Wood In the album outlaw Soul
Find another song for me?
Do you like Stupid Deep song by Jon Bellion in the album Glory Sound Prep.
Yes, I like that song very much.
Can i play the song for you?
yes, play it
please confirm the following details: play the song Stupid Deep on TV
No, Play it on Kitchen speaker
please confirm the following details: play the song Stupid Deep on Kitchen speaker
Sorry, play it on speaker in the bedroom
please confirm the following details: play the song Stupid Deep on bedroom speaker
Yes, that's right
Started playing the song on Bedroom speaker, enjoy
Ok, thank you very much for your help, That's all i need.
you are welcome, Shall i help you with anything more?
No, thanks bye
Have a wonderful day, bye
I am looking for songs.
I found 10 songs including Sorry from the the Justin Bieber album Purpose.
Do you have any songs by Shatta Wale?
There is a song called Shatta Movement on the Shatta Wale album Foundation.
What is the genre? Did it come out one years ago?
It is a reggae song from 2015.
That is the song.
Do you want to hear it?
Please play it on any device.
Please confirm you want to play Shatta Movement on the TV.
Actually, play it on the kitchen speaker.
Please confirm you want to play Shatta Movement on the kitchen speaker.
That is perfect.
Enjoy the song!
Thank you very much.
May I further assist you?
No, that will be all.
See you soon!
I'd like to listen to some music, please find a song for me.
Okay, how about the song Must be the Whiskey by Cody Jinks off of the album Lifers. Would you like to hear it?
Please find a different song.
How about the song Hotel Key by Old Dominion off of the album Happy Endings. Would you like to hear it?
Please find a different song, I'd like to hear something from the year '16.
Okay, how about the song Another Day of Sun by La La Land Cast off of the album La La Land. Would you like to hear it?
What genre of music is this song?
This song is a soundtracks style of song.
Sure, that's the song I'm looking for.
Would you like me to play this song for you?
Yes, please play that song.
Please verify the following is correct. You'd like to her Another Day of Sun and you want to play it on the TV. Is this correct?
Correct, I want to hear it.
Please enjoy the song.
Thanks, I don't need any more help.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I'd like to find a song to listen to.
How about Hate Me by Eurielle from the album Arcadia?
What year was it released?
Arcadia was released in 2015.
Ok, that's the one. Cast the song to my speaker in the kitchen.
Please confirm the following: Play song hate me on the Kitchen speaker.
Yes that's right. By the way, what kind of music is it?
It is a Pop song. Enjoy your music.
Thanks! That's all for today.
Have a good day.
I need to find some new music for my phone, any suggestions?
How about I Do Adore by Mindy Gledhill from the album Anchor?
Eh, i'm not a big fan of Mindy Gledhill. Find me something else.
Okay. How about Carry Me by Kygo from the album Cloud Nine?
Oh my god I haven't heard that song in forever. Play that for me.
You would like me to play the song Carry Me on the TV, is this correct?
Yes, that's correct. Also can you tell me what year this came out and like what genre this was considered back then.
Your music will begin playing shortly. The song is from the year 2016 and was listed as a Downtempo song.
Alright great, thanks.
Enjoy the music.
I'm in the mood for music! Can you find me some pop?
Sure! What about Adorn by Miguel? It's on the album Kaleidoscope Dream.
No, I don't like that one. I really like Ben Platt, especially the Sing To Me Instead album. Can you find me something from that?
I've got 4 for you on the Ben Platt album Sing to me Instead. Do you like the song Bad Habit?
I do but can you see if there's anything else?
What about the Ben Platt song Ease My Mind? That's also on the Sing to me Instead album
When was that released? 2013?
No that was from 2019.
Ah ok. But yes, I want that one, can you stick it on the kitchen speaker?
Sure, can you just confirm that you want me to play Ease My Mind on the kitchen speaker?
Yes, that would be perfect, thanks
No problem. It's playing for you now
Lovely, thank you!
Can I do anything else for you?
No thanks
No problem. Enjoy the music!
Help me find a song, something from '15 would work.
Would you like Aftertaste by Shawn Mendes from the album Handwritten?
Is there anything else?
There's Back it Up by Prince Royce from the album Double Vision.
What else is there? Do you have anything by Ryutaro Nakahara?
From Ryutaro Nakahara there is Din Don Dan from the album Seventh Heaven.
Yeah, that sounds good. I want to listen to in on the kitchen device.
I'll play Din Don Dan on the Kitchen speaker, is that correct?
No, can you play it on my bedroom, sorry.
I'll play Din Don Dan on the Bedroom speaker, is that correct?
Yeah, that would be great.
Okay, enjoy the song.
Oh, what kind of song is this?
It's an Anime song.
Thanks a lot!
Do you need any more help?
No, thanks.
Have a pleasant day.
I am looking for something to listen, recommend me some songs.
I found 10 you may enjoy. How about Ridin High by the Jawga Boyz in the album Kuntry?
What kind of music is it?
It's Country Music.
Do you have anything else?
There's also Out Of Love by Alessia Cara in the album The Pains Of Growing.
I want to listen to it.
Should I play it?
Yes, on my kitchen speaker. Please.
So you want to listen to Out of Love on the kitchen speaker?
Yes, that's exactly it.
Enjoy the song.
Thanks a lot, that's all.
Have an amazing day.
Hello, Pretty, do you mind searching for some good Pop songs to me?
Sure, I will search for you.. I've got a playlist of 10 songs. Do you like to hear the song Adorn by the Song Writer Miguel from his studio album Kaleidoscope Dream?
Thanks for the information, but do you have anything more? I would love to hear the songs by Hayley Kiyoko. Is it available?
Yup! Would you prefer to listen to Curious by Hayley Kiyoko from the album Expectations?
Yup! I prefer this one.
Would you want me to play this song for you?
Yup! Please can you play on the speaker in the kitchen?
Sure! Please confirm me that you like to listen to Curious song in your Kitchen speaker, right?
Nope, sorry.... Please can you play in my bedroom?
Sure! So, you wish to listen to the song Curious in your Bedroom speaker. Am I right?
Yup. you're right.
Have fun with the music.
Thanks for your time.
Do you want any other songs to be played?
Nope, thanks.
Have a fantastic day.
My favorite is Marshmello. can you search some songs of three years back for me?
Do you have any opinion on Blocks by Marshmello in the album Joytime.
Yes that is perfect.
You want me to run this song?
Yes i want to play.
Please give confirmation details: To play the song Blocks on TV
That is perfect. What type of music is it?
Have fun. The music is a House Song.
Thank you very much.
Have a great day.
I want to search for a song.
I have 10 songs for you. What about Always Remember Us This Way by Lady Gaga in the A Star is Born Soundtrack album?
Do you have anything else? Any album should be fine.
I have 10 songs for you. How about Mercy by Shawn Mendes in the Illuminate album?
Could you show me other options?
How about Glow by Madcon in the album Contraband?
Yes, that sounds good. I would like to listen to music on my kitchen device.
Could you confirm that you want to play Glow on the kitchen speaker?
Yes, that is right.
Please enjoy the song.
Thanks!
Would you like any further assistance?
No, that is all.
Enjoy the day.
I would like to listen to some music, maybe from the album Mercury Lane
Got it. I've found 1 song from the album Mercury Lane by Jimmie Allen, it's called Best Shot.
It is exactly the one I wanted to listen to.
Can I play it for you?
Absolutely. Play it on any device.
Confirm me the operation. I'll play the song Best Shot on TV.
Yes, you got it right.
Enjoy the tunes
Can you tell me what kind of music is this?
It's Country.
Wonderful! I don't need anything else.
Bye Bye.
I want to listen to a song by Madilyn Bailey
I have found 1, how about Titanium by Madilyn Bailey from the album Muse Box
Yes that sounds good
Do you want me to play it now?
Yes, play it on the Kitchen speaker
Please confirm: playing Titanium on the Kitchen Speaker
Yes, that's good
Ok, enjoy the music
Thanks a lot
Is there anthing else you need?
No, that's all thanks
Ok, have a nice day!
Will you find me a song?
I found 10 songs. How about Let It Go by The Piano Guys in the album Wonders.
What genre? Is this from nine years back?
Classical from 2014.
Great.
Do you want to play the song?
Yes. Play it on any device.
Please confirm playing of Let It Go on TV.
Play it on Kitchen speaker.
Please confirm Let It Go playing on Kitchen speaker.
That's right.
Enjoy.
Thanks, that's it for now.
Have a nice day.
Can you find a song?
There is 10 songs. Do you like Dance Macabre by Ghost from the album Prequelle?
Yes, I like that song.
Would you like to play this song?
Yes, play the song.
Play the song Dance Macabre on the TV.
What genre of music is this and is it from 2013?
No, it's from 2018 and it's a metal song.
Thank you for the information.
Have a good day.
I am looking for songs.
Do you like Open Up from the Matt Simons album After The Landslide?
What is the genre?
The song is pop.
I am looking for songs from nine years ago.
There are 10 songs including Alone from the Alan Walker album Different World.
Do you have any country songs by Jason Aldean?
I found 1 song: Dirt Road Anthem from the Jason Aldean album My Kinda Party.
That is the song I am looking for.
May I further assist you?
I want to hear the song.
Please confirm you want to play Dirt Road Anthem on the TV.
Can you play it on the kitchen device?
Please confirm you want to play Dirt Road Anthem on the kitchen speaker.
That is correct.
Enjoy the song!
Thank you very much.
May I further assist you?
No, that will be all.
See you soon!
Please help me find a song.
Do you like Ya Layali by Sherine from the album Ana Keteer?
What genre is it?
It's a Pop song.
In which year was it released?
It came out in 2014.
Do you have something else? I like Country songs from the album You Get What You Give.
Shall I play Knee Deep by Zac Brown Band from the album You Get What You Give?
Right. That's the one I was looking for.
Do you want me to help with anything else?
I'd like to listen to the song.
Please confirm that you want to listen to the song Knee Deep on your TV.
No. Can you play it on my kitchen speaker please?
Sure. Playing Knee Deep on your Kitchen speaker.
Please go ahead. Do you know when that song was released?
Playing the song now. It is from the year 2010. Enjoy your music!
Thanks a lot.
Can I assist you with anything else?
No. That's all I need for now. Thank you.
Have a great day!
Can you help me find a song? I like Zayn Malik.
I have 6 recommendations. How about Dusk Till Dawn by Zayn Malik, from the album Icarus Falls?
Is there anything else?
How about Good Years by Zayn Malik, from the album Icarus Falls?
That sounds good. I'd like it played.
Should I play Good Years on the TV?
Yes, please do.
The song has begun, please enjoy.
Thank you. That's all I needed.
Have a nice day.
I am looking for songs. I like Carly Rae Jepsen.
I have 2 songs you may like. How about Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen, from the album Kiss?
What kind of song is that?
It's a pop song.
Yes, that's good.
Do you want to play it now?
Yes. Send it to my kitchen speaker.
Confirming: I am playing Call Me Maybe on the kitchen speaker.
Yes, that's good. Is that from 2011?
Yes, it's from 2011. Enjoy your music!
Thanks, that's all.
Have a good day.
I am looking for songs, preferably Latin
How about Baby Sexy by Cindy Santos? It's from the Try Again album
When did it come out?
In 2018
That's what I am looking for, can you play it
Sure, should I play Baby Sexy on the TV?
That is correct
Ok, it is playing, hope you like it
Thanks so much
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need
Have a great day
Please find songs for me.
Are you ok with Reggae Music by Kabaka Pyramid in the album Kontraband. Or you can select any from 10 songs available.
What is the year of release of that song?
It is a 2018 song.
Yeah that will do.
You need the song played.
Yes, Make it on my kitchen speaker.
Please confirm, You need Reggae Music on Kitchen speaker.
Surely, thats fine.
It started. Please be comfortable.
Great favor. Thanks a lot.
Have a funny day.
I'm searching for a song.
How about Miss Me More by Kelsea Ballerini off of her album Unapologetically?
That's it. Let's give it a listen.
Just to make sure, you want to hear Miss Me More on TV.
You got it. What type of song is this?
Enjoy your Country song!
Thanks a bunch. That'll do it, for now.
Enjoy the rest of your day!
Find me a Country song from 2018.
How about Best Shot By Jimmie Allen from the album Mercury Lane.
Yes, that will work.
Do you want to hear the song?
Yes, play it on my kitchen speaker.
Please confirm; playing Best Shot on Kitchen speaker.
Yes, that is correct.
Enjoy your song!
Thank you, that will be it.
Have a nice day.
Hi i need a help, I am interesting in listening songs, Can you find songs in the album Honky Tonk Time Machine?
Sure, I will help you, I found a 3 songs for you, One of the nice song is Codigo by George Strait in the album Honky Tonk Time Machine.
Could you tell me what type of song is it?
It is a Country song
Any other songs do you have?
Do you like the song Every Little Honky Tonk Bar by George Strait in the album Honky Tonk Time Machine
it is from four years ago? What type of music is that?
It is a country song from the year 2019
Find another song from 2019
I got 1 another song for you, Do you like The Weight of the badge by george strait in the album Honky Tonk Time Machine
Yes that on i liked
Can i play the song for you?
yes, play it on speaker in the kitchen
please confirm the following details: Play the song The weight of the badge on kitchen speaker
no, play it on my bedroom speaker
please confirm the following details: play the song The weight of the badge on bedroom speaker
yes, that's good
Enjoy your music
Thank you very much for your help
Shall i help you with anything more?
No, thank you very much for your help, That's all i need.
you are welcome, Have a wonderful day.
11th of this month in london, england
71 degrees 15 percent chance
how humid though?
11 miles 41 percent
monday next week premium economy
what city departure?
chicago works for me
southwest airlines 7:10 pm 0 layovers $390
12:30 march 14th
when and where?
11th of this month vancouver bc
yvr international airport march 11th standard accord
tell me the cost
$99 in total
that is good
have a good one
I would like to check the weather on 8th of March.
What city should I check in?
Check Sydney, Australia.
The temperature on average for the day would be about 99 degrees Fahrenheit with a 7 percent chance of rain.
How humid will it be?
The humidity would be around 21 percent.
That's okay. I'd like to find a one way flight going there as well. I have 0 bags to check in and will fly out on 8th of March. Find a Premium Economy class ticket.
What city will you leave from?
Find flights from Seattle.
Do you want to fly on United Airlines? The flight leaves at 6:55 am and has 1 layover. The ticket is $537 per person.
Which airport does the flight depart out of?
The flight departs from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.
Okay. Could you also find a rental car for me?
Where would you pick it up from and what time?
I would like to pick the car up around ten am from New York City.
What date will you drop the car and from when?
I want the car from 7th of March till the 10th.
There would be a nice car available at JFK International Airport on March 7th. It's a standard Camry.
Sounds good. That's all I need for now.
Have a good one.
I would like to check the weather for the day after tomorrow in Paris, France.
The temperature for the day should be 93 degrees Fahrenheit with a 6 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be?
The average wind speed will be 4 miles per hour.
Okay. I'd like to look for a one way flight that is going there. I will fly out on March 1st from San Diego.
Would you like to go on Alaska Airlines? The flight departs at 9:55 am and has 1 layover. This tiket costs $351 per passenger.
Find me other things.
How about a Southwest Airlines flight that takes off at 11:45 am and has 1 layover? It costs $361.
Would you find me a rental car there?
Where will you pick it up from? What time will you need it?
I want to pick up a car at six in the evening in Toronto.
When would you like the car from and until which date?
I would like the car from the 7th till March 12th. Please make it a compact car.
There is a good car available at Toronto Pearson International Airport on March 7th and it's a compact Cooper.
Sounds great. That is what I need.
Have a good day.
I'd like to check the weather on the 3rd of March.
Where would you like to check?
I'd like to find the weather on the 14th of this month in Los Angeles.
The average temperature will be 86 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 17 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy will it be?
The average wind speed will be about 4 miles per hour and the humidity will be around 29 percent.
That will work.
Is there anything else I can help with?
I'd like to find a one-way flight there.
Where are you leaving from? And are you leaving on March 14th?
I'd like to leave on March 8th from San Francisco.
I have found 5 flights that could work. There's an Alaska Airlines flight that leaves at 9:05 am and has 0 layovers. It costs $90.
Find me another option.
There's an American Airlines flight that leaves at 6 pm local time and has 0 layovers. It costs $96.
That will work. Could you find me a rental car there? I need it starting on March 13th and want to get it in Anaheim.
What time would you like it at?
I'd like to get it at 12:15 in the afternoon.
What day do you want it until?
I would like it until the 14th of this month.
There's a Standard Accord available on March 13th at John Wayne Airport.
What's the cost of it?
It'll cost $36.
That will work.
Is there anything else?
Nope, thanks for everything.
Have a wonderful day.
I must verify the weather on March 2nd in SFO
The mean temperature on that date ought to be 72 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 15 percent likelihood of rain.
Alright. I'd like to look for one-way flights headed there. I'd like to have 4 economy class tickets on Southwest Airlines.
Will you depart on March 2nd?
That's perfect for me.
What metropolis would you like to leave from?
Search for flights near Chicago.
Would you like a ticket costing $159 for a Southwest airlines flight departing at 8:05 pm local time with 0 layovers?
Okay. Can you also search for rental vehicles there?
What location do you wish to pick it from, and at what day?
I require the vehicle from the 5th of March and would like to pick it from Seattle.
When will you require the vehicle?
I'd like to pick up the vehicle near 12 in the afternoon.
Until what day do you desire the vehicle?
I require the vehicle until next Wednesday.
I discovered 4 vehicles you might enjoy. There is a lovely standard civic vehicle available at King Street Station for pickup on MArch 5th.
That sounds wonderful.
Do you wish to book this vehicle?
Nope, I do not wish to book it now.
Could I assist you with something else?
No, thank you for your assistance.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
What is the weather in London, England?
The average for today is 81 degrees with a 23 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy will it be?
The average wind speed is estimated at 10 miles per hour with humidity at 35 percent.
Okay, thanks. Can you find me a one-way flight going there?
Would you like to leave on March 1st? Where are you leaving from?
That sounds good. I am leaving from Washington.
I found 4 flights. There is a flight with American Airlines leaving at 1 pm local time with 1 layover for $303 per passenger. Does this work for you?
Can you find me something else?
There is a flight with Delta Airlines leaving at 5:55 pm with 1 layover for $292 per passenger. Does this work for you?
That's fine. Can you find me a rental car?
Where would you like to pick it up?
I want to pick it up in NYC.
What time would you like to pick it up?
I want to pick it up around 12:30 pm.
What day would you like to pick it up?
I want to pick it up on March 9th.
When would you like to return it?
I will return it March 13th.
I found 7 cars for you. There is a Standard Accord available for pickup on March 9th at Grand Central Station. Does this work for you?
Is there anything else? I want to pick it up on the 7th.
I found 3 cars. There is a Standard Altima available for pickup on March 7th at Port Authority Station. Does this work for you?
What is the price?
The total cost is $180.
That sounds good. That's all I need for now.
Okay, have a great day!
Hello. I want to see what the weather is like on the 11th of this month.
At what location?
In KL.
The temperature there is going to be about 99 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 2 percent chance of rain.
Good to know. I'd like to find a one-way flight that goes there.
Will you be leaving on March 11th? From what city?
I'm leaving Portland on the 9th of this month.
Want to take a $383 American Airlines flight? It takes off at 7:25 am, and has 1 layover.
Sure. Can you find a rental car for me, as well?
When will you need it? Where you want it?
I want to pick it up from Fremont at around quarter to 4 in the afternoon.
How long do you want it?
From the 2nd to the 4th.
There's a standard Accord you could pick up at Fremont BART Station on March 2nd.
Sounds good to me.
Can I help you out any further?
Not now. Thank you.
Have a wonderful day!
I must verify the weather on 4th of March in Portland.
The mean temperature for the date ought to be 68 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 18 percent probability of raining.
What is the humidity level?
The humidity will be near 32 percent.
How strong will the winds be?
The wind ought to be 12 miles per hour.
Okay, good. I'd like to look for one-way flights headed there as well.
Will you depart on March 4th?
That's fine with me.
What metropolis would you like to leave from?
Search for planes leaving Los Angeles.
What do you think about a ticket costing $146 for an Alaska Airlines flight departing at 11:45 am local time with 0 layovers?
How many seats will this get me, and will it come the day after?
There is 1 seat, and the plane will arrive at its target on the same day.
Okay. Can you also search for rental vehicles for me there?
Until when will you desire the vehicle, and what location will you pick it up from?
I require the vehicle until the 9th, and would like to pick it up from Fremont.
What day would you like it from?
I require the vehicle from the 4th of March.
When will you require the vehicle?
I'd like to pick up the vehicle near eleven in the morning.
There is a lovely standard Accord available at Fremont Bart Station for pickup on March 4th.
That's perfect; that's all.
Have a pleasant afternoon!
What is the weather like today in Nairobi Kenya?
The temperature for the day is 105 degrees and there is 0 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity level and how windy is it supposed to be?
The humidity is around 15 percent and the wind is 7 miles per hour.
I would like a one-way flight there.
Are you leaving on March 1st?
Yes, that works with me.
In which city are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Philadelphia.
There is a flight with Delta Airlines that leaves at 4:20 am and has 1 layover for $364.
Can you find me a car rental there?
Where are you picking up the car and till when do you need it?
I would like to pick it up from Philly till the 9th of March.
When do you want it and at what time?
I would like it on the 7th of this month evening 4:30.
There is a standard altima available at 30th Street station on March 7th, 8 cars available.
Yes, that sounds good.
Would you like to rent the car?
No, that is all I needed.
Have a good day.
What is the weather like on the 13th of March?
In which city should I look.
The weather in New York.
The temperature should be around 59 degrees and there is a 33 percent chance of rain.
I would like a one-way flight on Saturday this week.
Where are you departing from?
I am leaving from London.
There is a American Airlines flight leaving at 2 am and has 0 layovers for the cost of $247.
I would like to rent a car till the 6th of this month.
When do you want it from and till when do you need it?
I want it Saturday this week around twelve pm.
Where would you like the car from?
I would like to pick a spacious car from SD.
There are 3 options, there is a Full-size Highlander available at San International Airport on March 2nd.
Yes, that sounds good.
Would you like to reserve the car?
Not at the moment.
Can I help you with something else?
No, that is all I needed.
Have a good day.
Hi, can you check the weather for me?
Sure what city do you want to know the weather for?
I want the weather in Vancouver.
In Vancouver it will be around 75 degrees Fahrenheit today with a 15 percent chance of rain.
Okay thanks, I'd like to get a one-way plane ticket going there. I'm leaving from New York and I need 4 seats.
For sure, will you be departing March 1st?
Yes, that works. I need 2 economy tickets.
There are 4 flights you could take. How about an American Airlines flight that leaves at 9:15 am and has 1 layover? The price is $350 per person.
Can I take 2 checked bags on the plane?
Unfortunately, 0 checked bags are allowed on the flight.
That's okay. Could you get me a rental car for my trip? I'd like a medium-sized car I could pick up at two pm on Wednesday next week.
Sure, how long do you want to rent the car?
I'll need to drive it until the 10th.
Okay, and where would you like to pick it up?
I want to get it in Paris, France and I'll need it until next Thursday.
I found you 4 possible cars. There's a nice standard car, an Accord, that you can pick up from Charles de Gaulle International Airport on March 6th. Does that work?
Can you find something else? I want to pick up the car at quarter to 2 in the afternoon.
Okay, I found 3 cars for you. There's a standard Cruze at Charles de Gaulle International Airport that you can pick up on March 6th.
Right, how much will it cost?
The rental will come to $37.
Is there another car? I want a small car and I need it until Saturday this week.
There are 4 cars you could rent. I found you a compact Bolt available to pick up from Charles de Gaulle International Airport on March 2nd.
Yeah, that works for me.
Can I do anything else for you?
No thanks, you've been a great help.
Okay, have a wonderful day!
I'd like to check the weather.
Where would you like to check the weather for?
I'd like to know the weather in Toronto, Canada.
The average temperature will be 58 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 13 percent chance of rain.
That'll work. I'd like to search for a one-way flight there as well. I want to leave on the 1st of March.
Where would you like to leave from?
I'd like to leave from Las Vegas.
I have found 2 flights that would work. There's an American Airlines flight that leaves at 4:50 am local time and has 1 layover. It costs $272.
That works. Could you find me a rental car?
When do you want it? And how long do you want it for?
I'd like the car next Thursday until the 9th of this month.
Where do you want to get it from?
I need it next Wednesday and would like to pick it up from Delhi.
What time do you want it?
I'd like to pick it up at around 9:30 in the morning.
There is a Standard Accord available on March 6th at Indira Gandhi International Airport.
That would work. That's all for now.
Have a good day!
I want to know how the weather will be in Philadelphia for March 12th?
For your requested location the average temperature should be 83 degrees Fahrenheit, and the chance of rain at 25 percent.
Can you tell me how windy is it going to be there, and what humidity should I expect to find there?
The average wind speed for that location is expected to be 4 miles per hour, and the humidity at around 27 percent.
Alright, nice. Now I would like to find a one way flight to go there.
Will you be leaving on March 12th?
No, I actually want to fly out later today.
Can you tell me from where will you be leaving from?
I want to have a flight from Paris.
How would you like flying with the Air France flight which has 1 layover and takes off at 5:15 pm? The ticket for this price costs $326 per passenger.
Very nice. I am in need also of finding a rental car there.
Till when will you be needing to have the car rented, and where will you be picking it up from?
I am interested in renting a Standard car, which I want to pick up from Vancouver, and I will need it till 14th of this month.
From when will you be needing the car, and at what time do you want to have it?
I will be needing to rent the car from March 9th, and I want to pick it up around half past 6 in the evening.
There are 5 cars which suits what you requested. One of the cars is a Standard one, and more precisely is an Altima car which can be picked up at YVR International Airport on March 9th.
That is good. That would be all.
Have a wonderful time!
Can you check the weather on March 9th in NYC?
The temperature should be around 70 degrees and there is 38 percent chance of rain.
I would like to find a one-way flight to get here.
In which city are you departing from?
I would like a flight from San Francisco.
Are you leaving on March 9th?
I would like to fly on the 7th on a economy flight and I have zero bags.
There is Alaska Airlines that leaves at 8:20 pm and has 0 layover for $208.
Which airport does the flight leave from and arrive at?
The flight leaves from SFO International Airport and the destination is JFK International Airport.
I would find a car rental around a quarter past 9 in the morning.
When do you need the car rental?
I will need the car on the 13th of March.
Where are you picking up the car from?
I will pick up the car from San Francisco.
Till what date do you want the car?
I need the car until the 14th of this month.
There are 4 cars. There is a standard Altima available at SFO International Airport on March 13th.
Yes, that sounds good. That is all I needed.
Have a good day.
Tell me the weather next Wednesday in San Francisco.
It will be 72 degrees with a 3 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity going to be?
It will be near 16 percent.
I see. Get me a one way Economy flight there next Wednesday.
What is your departure city?
I am departing from Los Angeles and I want Premium Economy seats on Southwest Airlines.
Search revealed 1 result which is Southwest Airlines who has a flight that departs at 1:55 pm, has 0 stops, and a total price of $135 a seat.
I see. I need a rental car there.
What date are you getting it?
I will get it this Sunday.
What time will you get it?
I will get it at 17:30.
What city are you picking it up in and when will you return it?
I will get the car in Atlanta and return it next Thursday.
Search revealed 4 results. There is a Standard Camry available March 3rd at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport.
How much money will this cost me?
Your bill comes to $116 total.
That works for me.
Do you need more help?
No, not right now. Thanks.
Have a good day.
Can you tell me what the weather will be like in San Diego on the 13th of March.
The average high is 75 on that day and you'll have a 19 % chance of rain.
Great, beautiful flying weather. How about a one way from San Francisco Tuesday next week?
There are 5 choices. Try Alaska Airlines, they have great one way tickets you can board at 7:40 pm with 0 layovers for $118.
Fine, I'll need a rental car there. What about if I pick it up on the 6th of March in Seattle, WA and turn back on the 11th?
What time of day on the 6th will you get it?
Around 6:45 pm.
There are 4 options, what about a Civic, Standard? You can get it from King street station on March 6th.
What about a better car?
You can get a Standard Elantra from King street station on March 6th.
That's acceptable, yes.
What else do you want?
Nothing, thanks a lot.
Enjoy your trip.
I must verify the weather on March 5th.
What metropolis would you like to verify the weather in?
The metropolis is Phoenix
The mean temperature for the date ought to be 73 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 12 percent chance of raining.
What is the humidity and wind level?
The wind level ought to be 5 miles per hour, while humidity ought to be around 31 percent.
Alright, fine. I'd like to verify for one-way flights headed there.
Will you depart on March 5th? What metropolis do you wish to leave from?
I'd like to depart on the 2nd from Washington.
I discovered 2 flights for you. There is a ticket costing $282 for a Southwest Airlines flight departing from 8:50 pm local time with 1 layover.
What time does the flight come to my target?
The plane will come at 0:27 am local time.
Is the ticket Business?
The ticket is economy.
Okay, I'm fine with that.
Could I assist you with something else?
Could you also look for a rental vehicle there? I'd like to pick up the vehicle near twelve pm. I require it until the 10th of this month.
Where do you wish to pick the vehicle from, and at what itme?
I require the vehicle from the 9th of March, and I'd like to pick it up from London.
There is a lovely standard Accord vehicle available from Gatwick International Airport for pickup from March 9th.
That sounds perfect; that's all.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
Hey, what'll the weather be like in Delhi on the 2nd of this month?
It'll be around 95 degrees Fahrenheit with a 0 percent chance of rain.
Thanks a lot. How windy and humid will it be?
The average wind speed will be 5 miles per hour, the humidity will sit at around 15 percent.
Thanks a lot. Can you book a one-way flight there?
Sure, where are you departing from? Are you leaving on March 2nd?
Yes thanks. From Philadelphia.
Okay, I found 3 flights for you. Will you fly with American Airlines? They have one flight departing at 8:45 am with 1 layover and a total cost of $300 per person.
Sounds good. Could you also get me a rental car from SD?
Sure, at what time?
Around evening 5 thanks.
Okay, on what date?
On the 8th of this month please.
And when will you return it?
I'll return it on the 11th of March.
Okay, I found 6 cars for you. There's a standard Accord at Santa Fe Depot available from March 8th.
Sounds great, thanks.
Should I reserve it for you?
No, not right now thanks.
Okay, anything else?
No that's all thanks.
Okay, see you.
I want the weather in Paris.
It is 77 with a 26 percent chance of rain.
I need a one way flight there.
What city is departure?
Departure is Las Vegas.
Is departure March 1st?
That is right.
I have an American Airlines with 1 layover leaving at 1:55 pm for $422.
What is departure airport and arrival date?
It leaves McCarran International Airport and arrives the next day.
I want something else.
I have Delta Airlines with 1 layover leaving at 2:25 pm for $421.
I need a medium-sized car too.
Where and when do you need it?
I want to pick up in Chicago at 3:30 in the afternoon.
Until when do you need it?
The 13th of this month.
When do you want it?
Pick up on the 9th.
I found 5. I have a standard accord for pickup March 9th at O'Hare International Airport.
That is all I need.
Have a nice day.
Forecast for Vancouver, BC.
The average temperature will be 75 and the chance of rain will be 15 percent.
Humidity and wind?
Average wind speed of 8 miles per hour and humidity of 19 percent.
Ok. Find one-way flights there.
On March 1st? Departing from where?
Leaving Atlanta.
American Airlines has a 0 stop flight leaving 8:05 pm for $186.
Nah, find something on Southwest Airlines.
Southwest Airlines has a flight with 0 stops leaving 4:10 pm for $197.
How many checked bags can I have?
0 checked bags.
Okay. Find a rental car out there.
Pickup date and location?
March 5th in Concord.
Pickup time and return date?
09:30 and March 6th.
There's a standard Accord at Canterbury Village from March 5th.
Total?
$32.
Sounds good.
Do you want to book it?
Not now.
Anything else for you today?
Nope, thanks.
Have a nice day.
What's the weather for the 7th of this month in Cotati?
The forecast is for an average temperature of 89 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
What about the humidity and wind?
Humidity is expected to be 15 percent, with 8 mile per hour winds.
How about the weather in Seattle, WA?
The forecast is for a temperature of 69 degrees Fahrenheit with a 16 percent chance of rain.
Okay. I'd like to find a one-way flight there. I'd like to leave tomorrow. I need 4 tickets and prefer premium economy class.
Where are you leaving from?
I'm leaving from Phoenix.
I found a flight on Delta Airlines for $379 that departs at 7:55 pm and has 1 layover.
Can you also get me a rental car? I want to pick it up at morning 10:45.
What date do you want to pick it up?
I'll need it on the 3rd.
How long will you need it?
I want the car until the 9th of March.
What location will you pick it up from?
I want to get it in San Francisco.
I found a standard size Nissan Altima available at SFO International Airport available on March 3rd.
Okay, that works.
Is there anything else you need?
No, that's all thank you.
Alright, have a great day.
Check for me please the weather.
In what city do you want to check the weather?
Toronto, Canada will be great.
For the day the average temperature should be 58 dergrees Faherenheit and 13 percent chance of rain.
Great.I also want to find a one-way flight going there.
You want to leave on March 1st?
Yes sounds good.
Tell me from what city you want to depart.
From Las Vegas will be okay.
What do you think about American Airlines?You can take it off at 4:50 am local time.1 layovers have the itinerary.Cost per passenger is $272.
Is for one passengers?
Yes this is for 1 passengers.
Find for me please something else.
United Airlines is the company.The flight takes off at 1:40 pm local time and have 1 layovers Cost per ticket is $284.
Two checked bags is allowed?Tell me the number of passengers did you get for this.
Is permitted 0 checked bags.Is for 1 passengers.
Is okay.Find me a rental car there.
Tell me at what time you need it.
Around afternoon 12:15 I want to be the pick up.
You want to pick it up from where and when?
I would like to pick up from Chi-town and I need it from tomorrow.
On till date you need it?
Till March 4th.
A nice Standard Accord car is available at O'Hare International Airport on March 2nd.
Anything else you can find?
A nice Standard car Altima is available at O'Hare International Airport on March 2nd.
Sounds very good.That's all for now.
Have a nice day!
Can you tell me what the weather forecast is for Paris next Thursday?
It is expected to be 87 degrees Fahrenheit with a 12 percent chance of rain.
Thank you. Can you help me find two seats on a one-way flight there?
Will you be departing for Paris on March 7th?
No, I will be leaving on the 5th of this month.
Where will you be departing from?
I'd like to see if there are any Premium Economy tickets available on Southwest Airlines flights from Washington.
There is 1 flight that matches that criteria. Southwest Airlines has a flight that leaves at 8:15 am with 1 layover for $581 per ticket.
Can you tell me when the flight lands? Is it the next day?
The flight arrives at 7:31 am the next day.
That's fine. I'm going to need a rental car. I'd like to pick it up afternoon 3:45 in Las Vegas on March 3rd.
How long will you need it?
I will return it on the 10th of this month.
There are 2 cars that would work for you. The first is a Standard car, a Civic, and it will be available for pickup at Union Plaza on March 3rd.
That's perfect. Thanks for the help. That will be all.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
Check the weather for me please.
In what city you want?
In Portland will be okay.
For the day the average temperature should be 75 degrees Fahrenheit and 9 percent chance of rain.
I understand.Find for me one-way flight that goes there.
You want to leave on March 1st?From which city you want to depart?
Sounds good.From San Francisco I want to depart.
What do you think about Alaska Airlines?Cost per passenger is $105 and you can take it off at 4:05 pm.0 layovers have the itinerary.
Tell me if one checked bags is allowed and if will arrive the day after.
0 checked bags is allowed.Flight will arrive on the same day.
I understand.Thanks.
With something else I can help you?
A rental car there you can find?
From where you want to pick it up?
I would like to pick up from Ciudad de Mexico in 2nd of March around 4:30 pm.
You want the car till what date?
Till March 6th.
A nice Standard Camry car is available for pickup on March 2nd from Estacion Buenavista.
Sounds very good.
You want to make a reservation for this car?
No.I don 't want now.That 's all.
Have a good day!
Tell me the weather in Chi-town on March 12th.
The daytime average temperature is 61 degrees with a 26 percent chance of precipitation.
I see. I want a one way flight to there on Alaska Airlines out of Seattle.
Is March 12th your departure date?
I am departing Wednesday next week.
There is an Alaska Airlines flight with 1 layover, a departure time of 11:10 am, and a cost of $317 a ticket.
I see. I want to get a rental car in San Diego.
What time do you want to pick it up and when will you return it?
I want to pick up a large car at 7 in the evening and will return it March 3rd.
What day will you pick it up?
I will get it on March 1st.
Search revealed 3 results. There is a Full-size Cherokee at Santa Fe Depot on March 1st.
That works for me. That is everything for now.
Have a good day.
los altos march 11th
73 degrees 28 percent rain
delhi sounds good
103 degrees 7 percent
how windy then?
10 miles per hour 19 percent
sure that works
what city too?
new york works
march 11th works
monday next week
american airlines 12:35 pm 0 layovers $257 2 flights
alright thank you
anything else then?
vancouver, bc
at what time?
one in the afternoon march 8th
when do you need it?
5th of march
pacific central station march 5th standard cruze
small 6th of this month
march 5th pacific central station 5 cars compact forte
that is good
wanna reserve the car?
no I do not
anything else then?
no thank you
have a good one
Check the forecast on the 3rd of March in San Lorenzo.
Average of 78 degrees with a 23 percent chance of rain.
Humidity and wind?
Average windspeed of 9 mph and humidity of 43 percent.
Check it in Mexico City.
Average of 102 degrees and 7 percent chance of rain.
Ok. Get a one way flight there.
Departure city? Is this departing March 3rd?
Leaving today from Portland.
I found 4 flights. Alaska Airlines has a flight with 1 layover leaving 7:15 pm for $273.
Ok. Get a rental car to pick up in San Jose, any kind.
Time and date of pickup?
1:45 pm on the 9th of this month.
Return date?
The 10th of this month.
There's a compact Bolt at SJC International Airport from March 9th.
Good. Ok that's all.
Have a nice day.
I want to check on the weather for the 13th of this month.
What city do you want to check the forecast for?
Check it for Paris, France.
The average temperature is forecasted to be 88 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 23 percent chance of rain.
Sounds good. Find me a one way flight going there too.
Do you want to leave on March 13th?
I would like to fly out on the 8th of this month.
What city would you like to depart from?
Find me Premium Economy class tickets from Atlanta.
I have 2 flights for you. What about American Airlines? This flight takes off at 6:05 am local time and has 1 layover. It's $586 per passenger.
Will it arrive the day after? How many passengers is this for?
The flight arrives the next day. This is for 1 passenger.
Okay. Would you find me a medium-sized rental car there from 10th of this month?
Until what date do you want the car? Where would you like to pick it up?
I want to pick it up in Long Beach, CA around one pm and I need it till 11th of March.
I have 5 cars that should be of interest. What about this nice Standard car at Downtown Station, available for pick up on March 10th? It is a Fusion.
How much would it be in total?
It costs $31 in total.
Do you have anything else at all?
There is a nice car at Downtown Station that you can pickup on March 10th. It's a Standard Prius.
What is the cost in total?
It costs $32 in total.
Sounds good to me.
Would you like to reserve this car?
Not at the moment.
Could I assist with something else?
No, thanks for helping.
Have a good one.
I must verify the weather on the 11th.
What metropolis do you wish to verify the weather for?
The metropolis is Vancouver, BC.
The mean temperature for the date ought to be 66 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 22 percent likelihood of raining.
Sure, alright. I'd like to look for one-way flights headed there.
Will you depart on MArch 11th?
I'd like depart on the 6th.
What metropolis do you wish to leave from?
Search for flights coming out of San Diego.
I discovered 3 flights for you. There is a ticket costing $249 for an Alaska Airlines flight departing at 12:40 pm local time with 1 layovers.
What place doe the flight head to, and what airport does the airport depart from?
The plane is departing from SAN International Airport and is headed to YVR International Airport.
Get me something else; I'd like to fly with United Airlines on premium economy seats.
I discovered 1 flight for you. There is a ticket costing $411 for an United Airlines flight that departs at 6:35 am with 1 layover.
Okay. Can you also look for rental vehicles nearby?
What location would you like to pick it up from?
I'd like to pick the vehicle from Nairobi.
What day will you require the vehicle, and until when? What day would you like it from?
I'd like to pick up the vehicle near half past 3 in the afternoon, and I require the vehicle from March 9th to the 12th.
I possess 2 vehicles you may enjoy. There is a lovely standard Elantra vehicle available at Jomo Kenyatta International Airport for pickup at March 9th.
Do you have some other alternative?
There is a lovely standard Prius vehicle available at Jomo Kenyatta International Airport for pickup on MArch 9th.
That sounds perfect; that's all.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
Hi, could you help me check the weather in Portland, OR please?
Sure, the temperature is 75 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 9 percent chance of rain.
I see, thank you!
Could I further assist you?
Could you get me a one-way flight there too?
Sure, where will you be departing from?
Could you help to search for a flight from San Francisco please?
Will you depart on March 1st?
Yes, I will.
How about the Alaska Airlines flight which departs at 4:05 pm with 0 layovers costing $105 per passenger?
Sure, could you get me a medium-sized rental car?
When will you be using the car till and what time will you be picking it up?
I will pick the car up at 6:45 pm on the 14th of March.
Sure, when will you be using the car from?
From March 12th, thanks!
Where will you pick up the car from?
Likely in Vancouver.
How about a standard Accord available at YVR International Airport on March 12th?
Sure! That is all I need, thank you.
Have a great day ahead!
I need the weather in Paris on the 7th of March.
Sure, the high is going to be 87 and there's only a 12 % chance of rain.
Get me a one way out on Southwest Airlines this sunday will you?
Sure, leaving where?
I'm taking off from Portland.
There is only 1 with Southwest Airlines and it leaves at 9:20 am, local and has 1 layover. The cost is $356 each.
What about a nice small rental car there?
What dates do you want that?
I'll need it from March 8th until March 13th.
What time will you pick up and where will you pick it up?
I need to get it at 3 pm from SD.
Sure, 5 autos await your choice. What about a compact Bolt from Santa Fe Depot on March 8th?
What will this run me?
That reservation's $125.
What else ya got?
Fit is another compact choice and you can also get from Santa Fe Depot on March 8th.
What is that charge?
It's $140.
Fine, sounds ok.
Shall I book it?
No, I just need the info. for a report.
Fine, good luck with that.
I need to see what the weather is like in Paris.
Paris will have temperatures averaging 77 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 26 percent chance of rain.
Good to know. I'd like to find a one-way American Airlines flight there.
Will you be leaving on March 1st, and from what city?
Yes, March 1st. I leave Chicago.
I found 1 suitable American Airlines flight. It departs at 9:50 am, has 1 layover, and has a cost per passenger of $465.
When will the flight arrive at my destination?
It should arrive at about 11:23 am.
What's the departing airport?
It leaves O'Hare International Airport.
Okay. Can you find me a rental car for when I'm there?
Sure thing. Where will you get it, and how long will you keep it?
I'd like to pick up the car from San Jose on March 5th, and will use it until the 12th of this month.
And at what time?
I want to pick it up at about 1 pm on March 10th.
Okay. I found 6 cars you can pick up on March 10th, including a standard Camry at SJC International Airport.
What'll it cost me in total?
A total of $62.
Sounds good. I need nothing more.
Have a wonderful day.
I need to know the expected weather in Seattle, WA on the 2nd of this month.
The average temperature is 70 degrees with a 23 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity going to be?
13 percent!
Ok, I need a one-way flight there.
Where are you leaving from? Are you leaving on March 2nd?
I want to leave on the 1st. Find me an economy ticket to Mexico City.
I found 3 flights including one on American Airlines that leaves at 11:40 am with 1 layover. The ticket is $298.
Find me something else.
Delta Airlines has a flight leaving at 6:35 pm with 1 layover. The ticket is $315.
When does it arrive? And at what airport?
Your flight arrives at Benito Juarez International Airport at 1:17 am.
Ok, find me a rental car too.
When do you want to pick it up?
I want to pick it up on the 2nd of this month.
Where do you want to pick it up? How long do you need the car?
I want to pick it up in Phoenix. I need it until the 4th of this month.
What time do you want to pick it up?
3:30 in the afternoon.
I found a car at Sky Harbor International Airport that is available on March 2nd. It is a standard car, like an Accord.
Sounds good, that is all.
Have a super day.
Could you check the weather forecast for me for the day after tomorrow?
Which city will I check?
For Chicago please.
There is a 36 % of rain and the ave temp will be 67 degrees Fahrenheit.
that's fine, could you search for a flight going there for me?
Which city are you leaving from and will it be on March 3rd?
From Vancouver this saturday?
There is an Air Canada flight at 12:15 pm with 1 layover costing $298.
fine, now could you assist me to get a rental car. I will collect it at afternoon 3 in San Francisco nad return it on 4th of March.
What date will you collect it?
This Saturday and could you make sure it is a standard car?
There is a standard Altima at SFO International Airport on March 2nd.
How much will it be?
It costs $74 altogether.
That is good and everything I need for now.
Have a wonderful day.
Give me a weather report for Seattle, WA today.
The high temp is going to be about 74 degrees and there is about a 32 % chance of rain.
Great, thank you.
I can help with something else if you want?
Please reserve a one way flight for me. Lets see if you can get two seats today.
Which city are you leaving?
I'm leaving Paris.
I have 3 options. What about the American Airlines flight that leaves at 5:05 am. There is 1 layover and tickets are $429 Each.
Try again. I want something better.
Try Delta Airlines. They leave at 11:20 am, 1 layover and the charge is $369.
Try to get me a rental car first.
When will you turn in the car?
I'll bring it back on March 10th.
Where will you pick it up? Where will you need it and when can you bring it back?
I will pick up around 12 o"clock in the afternoon on the 9th of this month. I need it in Philadelphia.
You can pick up an Altima, Standard on March 9th at 30th Street Station.
Fine, that'll be all.
Have a great day.
I want to know how the weather will be in San Diego on March 6th.
For the location you asked for, the average temperature should be 80 degrees Fahrenheit. The chance of raining is at 6 percent.
Can you tell me how windy is it going to be there, and at what percentage will the humidity be?
The average speed of wind there will be 1 miles per hour, and the humidity is expected at around 23 percent.
Alright, fine. I am interested to find a one-way flight to go there.
Can you tell me the airport from where you will be leaving, and if you are leaving on March 6th?
I am interested in flights from Phoenix, and I want to leave on the 2nd.
How would you like flying with an American Airlines flight which has 0 layovers and leaves at 10:10 am. The ticket for this flight costs $91.
That is okay. I also want to find a car which I can rent there.
From when do you want to have the car, and at what time do you want to have it?
I am interested to rent the car from 3rd of March, and I want to pick it up around quarter past 6 in the evening. I will need to have this car rented till next Thursday.
From where do you want to pick up the car?
I want to pick up the car from Los Angeles.
A nice Standard car I can recommend, which is a Camry, can be picked up at LAX International Airport on March 3rd.
Can you suggest some other car, that I can pick up from Paris, France. I am interested in having a small car.
Another nice Compact car, more specifically a Bolt one, is available at Charles de Gaulle International Airport, and can be picked up on March 3rd.
That is nice. That would be all.
Have a wonderful time!
What's the weather like on the 12th of this month?
In what city?
In Portland, OR.
The temperature there on that day should average 72 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 16 percent chance of rain.
Okay, good to know. I'd like to find a one-way flight there.
Want to leave on March 12th?
No. Make it the 3rd.
From which city do you wish to depart?
I want to leave from Chicago.
I found 4 flights for you, including an American Airlines flight that leaves at 2 pm local time, has 1 layover, and costs $257 a passenger.
Where does the flight leave? How many passengers is this for?
It leaves from O'Hare International Airport, and is for 1 passengers.
Okay. Can you get a rental car for me, too? I need one until the 11th of March.
When and where do you want to get it?
I want it at about 15:45 on the 10th of March in Portland, OR.
You could get a standard Accord at PDX International Airport on March 10th.
Sounds good. I need nothing more.
Have a wonderful day!
What's the weather going to be like on the 11th of March?
What city do you want me to check in?
Check in Vancouver.
The day's average temperature will be 66 degrees Fahrenheit. The chance of rain is 22 percent.
Alright. I want to look for a one way flight going there also.
Where will you be traveling from?
I'm traveling from San Diego.
Will you be leaving on March 11th?
No, I want to leave on the 5th.
There's an Alaska Airlines flight that leaves at 12:40 pm with 1 layover. It's $264 per ticket.
Okay. I'll need rental car too. I want to get it from SF.
What time do you want it?
I want to get it at half past 1 in the afternoon.
And what date do you need it from and to?
I'll need to from Friday next week to the 10th.
There's a nice Standard Altima available at SFO International Airport on March 8th.
Okay, that might work. I'll think this over, I don't need anything else.
Okay, take care then!
I would like to find out the weather on the 11th of this month.
What city should I check?
Find out what the weather will be like on the 14th of this month in Las Vegas.
On that day the temperature should be around 71 degrees fahrenheit with a 15 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy will it be?
Wind speed should be 6 miles per hour with humidity around 39 percent.
That's fine. I want to look for one way flights going out on the 11th of this month. I'd like economy class tickets.
What city do you want to leave from?
Find me flights from Chicago.
How about American Airlines? This flight takes off at 8:25 am local time and has 1 layover. It costs $288 per ticket.
Okay. Could you also find me a rental car there?
Where will you pick it up from and from when?
I need the car the 7th and will pick it up in Phoenix.
Until what date do you want the car and what time do you want to pick it up?
I would like to pick it up at 3:15 in the afternoon and I need it till the 11th of this month.
I have 3 cars that should be good for you. What about a nice car at Sky Harbor International Airport to be picked up on March 7th? It's a Standard Accord.
Sounds good to me. That is what I needed.
Have a good day.
Hi, could you help me check the weather in phoenix, AZ please?
Sure, it will be 89 degrees fahrenheit with a 15 percent chance of rain.
I see, could you get me an Alaska Airlines flight today departing from Los Angeles?
Would you like the Alaska Airlines flight with 0 layovers which departs at 7:05 am which costs $102?
Sure, that is fine!
Anything else I can help with?
Sure, could you get me a full-size rental car?
Where and when will you be picking up the car from?
I will pick up the car at Anaheim at around 18:30 on 10th of this month.
And when will you use the car till?
On the 13th, please.
I see, there are 2 cars you may like, one of which is a full-size Escape at John Wayne Airport for your pickup on March 10th.
Sure, that sounds good!
Would you like to make a booking?
No, that is all I need. Thank you!
Sure, enjoy your day!
What's the weather going to be on the 3rd?
What city do you want me to look in?
Look in SD.
The predicted temperature is 82 degrees F with a 7 % chance of rain.
And how humid will it be?
Humidity is estimated at 28 %.
And what about wind?
The average wind speed will be 11 mph.
Okay, cool, thank you. Can you help me find a one way flight there?
Would you like to leave on March 3rd?
No, actually I want to leave March 2nd.
And what city are you departing from?
Leaving from Chicago.
I found 1 flight. There is a $288 Delta Airlines flight leaving at 5:45 am with 1 layover.
Okay, can you also find a rental car? I need the car starting the 5th.
Where would you like to pick it up?
Picking up in Vancouver, BC.
How long do you want the car for?
Until March 6th.
What time do you want to pick up the car?
I need to pick it up around 3:15 pm.
I found 7 cars. There is a standard Accord available for pick up on March 5th at YVR International Airport.
What are my other options?
There is a standard Altima available for pick up on March 5th at YVR International Airport.
How much would that be?
The reservation would be $31 in total.
That sounds like it would work.
Can I assist with anything else?
No, I'm good, thank you.
Enjoy your day!
What is the weather like?
What city am I checking the forecast in?
Seattle, please.
There is a 32 percent chance of precipitation and an average daily temperature of 74.
What is the humidity index?
Today the humidity is about 25 percent.
Not bad. Please find me an airplane ride there.
Where from? Is March 1st the departure date?
I am flying out of Los Angeles. The date detail is correct.
One flight with Alaska Airlines for $134 a person has 0 stops with a take off time of 8:15 am.
I see. I also would like to rent a vehicle there.
Where will you pick up the rental and for how long?
Sacramento, Ca is where I want to get the car next Thursday.
When is a good time for you to get the car. What date will you return the car?
1 in the afternoon is a good time for the pick up. The car is needed until the 14th.
A Standard Camry is available at the Sacramento Valley Station on March 7th.
How much will I pay?
The total cost comes to $217.
That's perfect.
What else do you need?
Nothing, thank you.
Have a great day.
Can you check the weather for me?
Which city would you like me to check?
The Phoenix weather.
The average temp is 89 degrees and there is a 15 percent chance of rain.
How humid will it be?
Around 23 percent humidity.
How windy will it be?
The average wind is around 11 mph.
Okay please find me a flight. I have 0 bags to check.
Will you be departing on March 1st?
Yes sounds good.
From which city will you be departing.
I will be departing from Los Angeles.
Would you like to fly Alaska Airlines which has 0 layovers and departs at 7:05 am. The flight is $102 per passenger.
Yes sounds good. I also need a spacious rental car at evening 7 from Sacramento.
What is the pick up and return dates?
I need it from march 10th to the 14th of this month
I found 2. How about the full-size Equinox at SMF International Airport on March 10th?
How much is it?
$164 total.
SOunds great that's all I needed.
Have a fabulous day!
Hi! Can you tell me what the weather forecast is for Duncans Mills on the 11th?
I'd be happy to. The forecast predicts an average temperature of 91 degrees Fahrenheit with a 4 percent chance of rain.
Is it going to be windy?
Wind speeds should average 7 miles per hour.
Is it supposed to be humid?
Humidity is hovering around 19 percent.
What does it look like for Toronto, Canada on the 13th of March?
It should be 62 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
Thank you. Can you help me find a one way flight there for March 9th?
Where will you be departing from?
I'll need an Economy flight ticket from Atlanta.
Do you like American Airlines? They are offering a flight at 6:05 am with 1 layover for $246 per ticket.
Can you tell me where it departs from and where it will land?
The flight leaves Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport and arrives at Toronto Pearson International Airport.
That sounds good.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'll need to pickup a rental car at 13:15 and I'll need it until next Thursday. I prefer a Compact car.
What day will you be picking it up?
I'll pick it up on the 5th of this month.
Where would you like to pick it up from?
I will get it in Paris.
There are 4 cars that may suit you. The first is a Compact car, a Bolt, and it is available on March 5th at Charles de Gaulle International Airport.
How much will it be?
The total will be $54.
That will work for me.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that will be all. Thanks for the assistance.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
Can you find me the weather for the 1st of this month?
For what city?
For CDMX.
The temperature should be around 102 degrees Fahrenheit with a 0 percent chance of rain.
Okay, can you find me some one-way flights to CDMX? I want to leave on the 1st of this month.
What city will you be departing from?
From San Francisco.
How about Alaska Airlines? There is a 11:05 am departure with 0 layovers. The ticket costs $148 per passenger.
Can you find something else?
How about American Airlines? There is a flight leaving at 6 pm that has 1 layover. The ticket costs $239.
What is the departure airport? Are zero checked bags allowed?
0 checked bags are allowed. The flight departs from SFO International Airport.
Okay. Can you find me a small rental car to pick up in Philly? I need it from the 11th.
What date will you need it until? What time will you be picking it up?
I will pick it up around afternoon 3:30 and I need it until the 12th of this month.
I found 6 cars for you. How about a Compact Cooper? You can pick it up on March 11th at the Intercity Terminal.
How much?
Your reservation will be $25 total.
Is there anything else?
How about a Compact Fit? It is available for pickup at Intercity Terminal on March 11th.
Sounds great. That's all that I need.
My pleasure to help you. Have a great day.
I would like to know how the weather is in Nairobi, Kenya.
For your requested location the average temperature should be at an average of 105 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 0 percent chance of raining.
Alright, fine. Now I am in need of finding a one way flight to go there. I am interested of having two Economy class tickets for a flight from New York.
Will you be leaving for the flight on March 1st?
Yes, that is good.
There are 2 flights which match your request. One of the flights is with Delta Airlines, which has 0 layovers, and takes off at 8:35 pm local time. The ticket for this flight will cost $256 per passenger.
Can you find me another flight?
How would you like having the flight of Southwest Airlines, which has 0 layovers and takes off at 10:15 am. The ticket for this flight costs $295 per passenger.
Okay. I also need to find a car which I can rent there.
From when do you want to rent the car, and till which date will you need to have it? At what time do you want to rent the car?
I want to rent the car from March 9th at 7:15 in the evening, and I will need to rent it till March 11th.
Can you tell me from where you want to pick up the car?
I am interested in picking the car up from Portland, OR.
There is a good Standard car, more precisely an Accord, which can be picked up at PDX International Airport on March 9th.
That seems nice.
Is there something else you want me to help you with?
Nothing. I am thankful for the help you provided to me.
Have a wonderful time!
I would like to check the weather in SD.
The temperature for the day will be 90 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 1 percent chance of rain.
Okay, good. I want to look for a one way flight that goes there. I will fly out 1st of March from Las Vegas.
Do you want to fly on American Airlines? The flight leaves at 12:55 pm local time and has 0 layovers. This ticket costs $86.
Find me another thing. An economy class ticket is good.
Do you want to fly on Delta Airlines? THe flight leaves at 8:35 pm local time and has 0 layovers. This ticket costs $92.
Okay, good. Would you look for a rental car there?
What time do you need it? Where will you pick it up from and until what date will you keep it?
I would like to pick up the car around quarter to 1 in the afternoon from Walnut Creek and need it until March 12th.
When do you want it?
I want it from the 10th of this month.
There is a nice car in BART Station to be picked up on March 10th. It's a Standard Accord.
Sounds great.
Could I assist with something else?
No, thank you for helping.
Have a good day.
Can you check the weather on next Friday for me?
Sure, but first i'll need to know the location.
Look it up for Atlanta.
There is expected to be a 12 percent chance of rain and the average temperature for the day is expected to be around 79 degrees Fahrenheit.
Sounds good. Can you get me a one way flight there from Delhi on March 1st? I have zero bags to check.
Would you like to fly with American Airlines? They have a flight with 1 lay over that leaves at 12:20 pm and costs $375 per passenger.
Will it arrive on the day after?
The flight arrives on the same day.
Where does the flight arrive?
At the Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport.
Sounds good. Can you also find me a rental car for when I get there?
Where would you like to pick it up from?
Right in Atlanta.
Till what date will you need the car, and at what time would you like to pick it up?
I think i'll be able to pick it up around 1:30 pm, and i'll need it till Monday next week.
When do you want it from?
From the 3rd of this month.
There are 4 cars available, would you like a standard Camry which is available at the Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport on March 3rd?
Depends, what's the price?
The total cost is $31.
Okay, thank you for the information. That's all I need for now.
Okay, let me know if you need anything further and enjoy the rest of your day.
I'm getting hungry but I don't want to cook. I need to find a place to eat.
What area should I search in?
Find some restaurants in Pleasanton.
What type of food would you like?
Look for something that serves Brasserie.
I found Nonni's Bistro that's located in Pleasanton.
That sounds good. Let's reserve a table there.
What time would you like a reservation for?
Let's make the reservation for 12:30 pm.
Okay, let's confirm: We're booking a table for 2 on March 1st at 12:30 pm at Nonni's Bistro located in Pleasanton.
Yes, sounds good.
I've made your reservation.
Can I get a cab ride there for me and my friends?
And you're heading to 425 Main Street?
Yes, that's right.
How about a shared ride?
A shared ride is just fine.
Okay, let's confirm: You are booking a shared cab ride for 2 people to 425 Main Street.
Yes, that works. What's the cost?
Your cab is booked and on its way. The cost is $13.32.
And how long will it take to get there?
The ride is about 23 minutes
Thanks for all your help, that's all for now.
Have a great day!
Hi, are there any nice places I can eat at?
Any preferred locations?
Something in SF is fine.
Any food preferences you might have?
Something which serves sushi will be fine.
There are 10 restaurants in San Francisco, how about Atami Sushi Bar & Grill?
Where are they located at?
You can find them at 1662 Lombard Street.
I see, are there any alternatives?
How about Juban Yakiniku House Japanese in San Francisco?
Are there any vegetarian food served and do they have outdoor seating?
Unfortunately, they do not have vegetarian options nor have outdoor setting.
I see, that is fine. Could you make a reservation for one on the 12th at 12:15 in the afternoon?
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 1 at Juban Yakiniku House Japanese in San Francisco at 12:15 pm on March 12th.
Sure, what is the price range of their food and how are they rated?
Sorry, your reservation could not be made. Could I further assist you?
Could you try reserving on the 13th instead?
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 1 at Juban Yakiniku House Japanese in San Francisco at 12:15 pm on March 13th.
Could you reserve the table for two instead?
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 2 at 12:15 pm.
Could you reserve it at twelve pm instead?
Sure, please confirm your reservation at Juban Yakiniku House Japanese in San Francisco at 12 pm.
Sure, that is fine with me.
Your reservation has been made.
Could you get me a cab ride with my friends please?
Will you be travelling to 1581 Webster Street and would you mind a shared ride?
Sure, I do not mind a shared ride.
Please confirm your booking for a shared ride for 2 to 1581 Webster Street.
Sorry, could I go to Egg Roll King instead?
Please confirm your booking for a shared ride for 2 to Egg Roll King.
That is fine with me!
Your booking has been made and is on its way to you now.
Thank you, that is all I need for now.
Sure, have a great day ahead!
Find me a place to eat.I want to be a restaurant tagged intermediate priced for price.
In which location you want to be?
In Dublin will be great.
What type of food you want to eat?
Something where is serving Sushi.
I have 2 option for you that you may like.A nice restaurant called Halu Shabu Shabu licated in Dublin.
Ye that sounds great.
With something else I can help?
Yes help me book a table at a restaurant.
At what time you want to be?
On evening 6:30 will be okay.
Book a table for 2 people at Halu Shabu Shabu in Dublin in March 1st at 6:30 pm.
Perfect.I also need to know if they serve vegetarian food and the contact phone.
Reservation was made.They don;t have vegetarian food.925-833-9833 is the contact phone number.
Get for me and my friends a cab to go there.
4288 Dublin Boulevard #110 is the address?
Yes is okay.
Would you like a shared ride?
Yes will be great.
You want a shared ride and a cab for 2 people to go at 4288 Dublin Boulevard #110.Is that correct?
Yes that's good.
The ride is booked and the cab is on its way.
Tell me the cost please.
$25.10 is the total cost.
Thanks.That's all that I wanted now.
Have a nice day!
Find me a place that serves Coffee & light bites.
What city do you want to eat in?
I want to eat in San Leandro.
Mcdonalds' serves Coffee & light bites in San Leandro.
That works for me.
Shall I book you a table there?
Yes, book me a table for three people on the 8th of this month.
What time do you want to eat?
I wish to eat at 10:30.
You want a table for 3 at Mcdonald's in San Leandro for 10:30 am on March 8th, correct?
That is right.
I can't book you a table. Do you require more help?
Try to get a table on the 1st of March for evening 7.
You want a table for 3 at 7 pm on March 1st at Mcdonald's in San Leandro?
No, make it for 1 person.
You want a table for 1 in San Leandro, correct?
That is right.
Your table is booked.
Is this a ultra high-end place?
No, they have cheap prices.
Thanks. I need a ride to get there.
Is a shared ride okay and is your destination 1919 Davis Street?
A shared ride is fine and that is where I am headed.
You want a shared ride for 1 to 1919 Davis Street, correct?
That is right.
Your cab is ordered and is coming right now.
What is the total bill?
The total is $15.97.
Thanks a bunch.
Do you need more help?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a good day.
Hello! Please can you find me some good restaurant to have food?
Sure, where are you searching for?
I'm looking in San Leandro.
What type of cuisine are you looking for - American, Indian or anything else?
Please can you find a moderate priced restaurant that can serve English food.
Sure. Do you wish to dine at The Englander Sports Pub & Restaurant, which is a nice one located at San Leandro?
Yup, sounds good.
Do you wish to reserve a table at this restaurant?
Yup, Please can you reserve a table for three people on 2nd of March at 12:45?
Okay! Please can you confirm me that you wish to book a table at the hotel The Englander Sports Pub & Restaurant in San Leandro on March 2nd at 12:45 pm for 3 people, right?
Nope, please can you reserve only for two people at eleven in the morning?
Please can you confirm me that you wish to reserve a table for 2 people at 11 am, right?
Yup, sounds good.
Okay! your booking is successful
Thanks much. Please can you find me a ride to reach there, for I wish to travel along with my friends?
Sure, do you look for a shared ride to reach 101 Parrott Street?
Yup, you're right.
So, you are looking for a shared ride, right?
Yup, I'm looking for a shared one.
Please can you confirm me that you wish to book a cab for 2 people to reach 101 Parrott Street with a shared ride, right?
Yup, you are correct.
Okay, I've booked the cab for you and its on your way.
Thanks much for the help.
Do you want me to assist you with anything else?
Nope, thanks much for your help.
Have a wonderful day.
my mouth is watering for the outside food. find me a good place to eat?
in which location are you searching for and what kind of food are you looking for?
find some good restaurants in sunnyvale? find halal kind of food ?
i found 1 restaurants as per your taste. how about kabul afghan cuisine which is a nice restaurant ? It is located in sunnyvale.
ok thats good. please book a table at a restaurant?
at what time should i reserve for ?
the reservation should be at 11:30 in the morning.
please check and confirm the following details. book a table at kabul afghan cuisine. the city is sunnyvale. the reservation is at 11:30 am for 2 people and the date is march 1st.
ok that works for me.
reservation is successful.
thanks a lot . find me a good cab to go over there (with my friends)?
do you need a shared ride?
sure , i am comfortable with a shared ride.
Whether are you travelling to 351 west washington avenue?
yes thats great.
please confirm the following details. cab ride to 351 west washington avenue. the passengers is 2 people. it should be shared ride.
ok that suits for me. how much does it cost?
cab ride is booked successfully. its costs $22.68.
thanks a lot for your immense help. that's all i need .
enjoy, have a good day
I'd like to eat out at a not very costly restaurant in Petaluma. Any suggestions?
What type of cuisine did you have in mind?
Please find me one that offers Szcheuan cuisine.
How about City Chopsticks, a good Petaluma restaurant?
Where are they located?
They are located at 127 North McDowell Boulevard.
Do they offer vegetarian dishes?
They have a wide selection of vegetarian dishes.
That works for me.
Should I go ahead and reserve a table here?
Sure. Please reserve a table for 1 this evening 7:30.
Okay. Please confirm that you'd like to reserve a table for 1 at City Chopsticks in Petaluma, for 7:30 pm on March 1st.
That is correct.
I have successfully made your reservation.
Please find me and my friends a cab to go there.
Do you mind sharing a ride?
I don't mind sharing a ride.
Please confirm that you'd like 1 shared ride seat in a cab going to 127 North McDowell Boulevard.
That is correct. How long will the cab ride last?
I have successfully booked your cab and it should be here shortly. The cab ride is approximately 11 minutes long.
What's the cost?
The price is $6.43.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
Will you be needing my help with anything else?
No. Thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
Thank you, and do have yourself a wonderful day!
I'm trying to find a restaurant. I'd like someplace pricey.
What location are you thinking of?
In San Francisco please.
And what type of cuisine?
I'd love to find a nice steakhouse.
I recommend 5a5 Steak Lounge in San Francisco.
Okay, great. Would you please make a reservation for me?
Certainly, when would you like it?
I'd like it at 11:15 in the morning.
All right, confirming a table on March 1st at 11:15 AM at 5a5 Steak Lounge in San Francisco for 2 people.
Yes, that's correct.
I apologize, there was a problem booking that reservation. Would you like to try March 1st at 11 AM for 2 at 5a5 Steak Lounge?
Sure, that's fine.
That table has been booked.
Thanks, and the address please.
Sure, the restaurant is located at 244 Jackson Street.
Do they have any outside tables? I'd also like the phone number.
I'm sorry, they have no outside seating. The telephone number is 415-989-2539.
Thanks for your help.
My pleasure. Anything else?
Yes, I'm going to need a taxi.
Would you like a shared ride?
That's no problem.
Confirming a shared cab for 2 passengers going to 244 Jackson Street.
Okay, thank you.
The taxi has been ordered and will arrive soon.
Thank you, I'm all set.
You're very welcome.
Find me somewhere to dine.
Which food type would you like?
Spicy Indian would be great.
Where are you looking>
Walnut Creek is fine.
Sargam Indian Cuisine in Walnut Creek is 1 good choice for you.
What is the pricing like? Where exactly are they?
They are a moderate priced restaurant located at 140 North Civic Drive.
Perfect, make a reservation there.
What time would you like the reservation at?
The morning 11:30 works.
I will reserve a table for 2 this March 1st at the Sargam Indian Cuisine in Walnut Creek at 11:30 am if that is correct.
I need the reservation for 3 people.
If I am correct the date is March 1st and the number of people is 3.
You are correct.
The table has been reserved for you.
You're such a help.
What else do you need?
Me and my buddies need a cab there.
Will a shared ride work?
A shared ride is fine.
Is it correct you're needing a shared ride for 3 to 140 North Civic Drive.
That is correct.
The taxi will be here soon.
You're such a great help.
What else would you like?
Nothing. I'm all set.
Enjoy the day.
I need to find a place to eat.
What type of food would you like?
Something Persian.
Where should I look?
Find something in Morgan Hill.
I found 1 you may like. Odeum in Morgan Hill.
Sounds good thanks.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please.
What time would you like your table reserved?
Make it for the morning 11:30.
You want a table for 2 at Odeum in Morgan Hill on March 1st at 11:30 am, correct?
No actually I need a table for 3 next Monday.
You want a table for 3 on March 4th, correct?
Yes that's correct. How expensive is it?
Your table has been booked. They are pricey.
Thanks. I need a cab for the four of us to get there. Shared is okay, we are going to 17500 Depot Street #180.
You want a shared ride for 4 to 17500 Depot Street #180, correct?
No I need to go to Hatcho japanese Cuisine instead.
You want a shared ride for 4 to Hatcho Japanese Cuisine, correct?
Yes that is correct thanks.
Your ride is on the way.
Thanks that is all for now.
Okay enjoy your day.
I want pizza
what location then?
find in redwood city
donato enoteca redwood city 3 places
yes that works
wanna get a table there?
5:30 in the evening
donato enoteca redwood city 5:30 pm 2 people march 1st
yes that is fine
4.3 rating donato enoteca march 1st 5 pm 2 people
yes that is fine
it went through
I want a cab
1041 middlefield road shared ride
yes that worksd
1041 middlefield road 2 people
yes that works
it is booked
thanks a lot
bye bye then
Help me find a good place to eat
which city and what king of food are you looking for?
I want to have coffee & light bites in Newark
Sure, I have found 1 place for you in Newark. How about Mcdonald's there?
What's its rating?
It is 3.2
Tell me the address. Do they have vegetarian options?
They don't serve vegetarian and are located on 35192 Newark Boulevard
Cool, book a table for 2 there on march 6th morning 11:30
Booking a table for 2 at Mcdonald's Newark on March 6th at 11:30 am
Cool, is it an expensive place?
Booking confirmed. It is a cheap restaurant
Thanks, I also need a cab to get there
Is a shared ride fine?
Yes, a shared ride will do
Booking a shared ride for 2 to 35192 Newark Boulevard
Cool, what is the duration?
The ride is on its way and will be of 15 minutes.
What's the cost?
It is $14.91
Thanks a ton
Can I help you with anything else?
No, thanks again
Have a great time there
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in Redwood City. I'd like to eat some Middle eastern food
In Redwood City there's Rocknwraps And Kabobs
Perfect! I want to book a table here on March 13th
What time do you want to reserve the table?
I want to reserve at 11:15
A table for 2 people at Rocknwraps And Kabobs in Redwood City, on March 13th at 11:15 am. Is it correct?
Yes, it is. What's the restaurant's address? Are there outdoor seats?
Isn't possible to reserve the table. Can I do anything else for you?
Yes, please. Try to book a table at 11:00
A table for 2 people at Rocknwraps And Kabobs in Redwood City, on March 13th at 11 am. Is it correct?
Yes, It's correct. Thanks
Your reservation is confirmed
Thanks a lot!
Do you need anything else?
I need a cab to go there
A cab to reach 2053 Broadway?
Yes, to go there
Is a shared ride okay?
Yes, a shared ride It's good
A cab for 2 people in a shared ride to go to 2053 Broadway. Do you confirm?
Yes, I confirm
Perfect! Your cab is coming!
Thanks a lot for helping. That's all.
Have a nice day!
Find me a place that serves Veggie.
What city do you want to eat in?
I want to eat in Oakland.
Search revealed 4 results. Cafe Romanat serves veggie in Oakland.
That works for me.
Shall I book you a table there?
Yes, book me a table for one person.
What tiem do you wish to eat?
I wish to eat at afternoon 12:30.
You want a table for 1 person at 12:30 pm on March 1st at Cafe Romanat in Oakland, correct?
That is correct. What is their price range?
Your table is booked and they have moderate prices.
Thanks. I need a shared ride for two people to get to 462 Santa Clara Avenue.
You want a shared cab for 2 to 462 Santa Clara Avenue, correct?
That is right.
Your cab is ordered and is coming for you right now.
Thanks a bunch. That is everything for now.
Have a good day.
Can you find me a place to eat?
What kind food do you prefer?
Search for a restaurant which serves Taiwanese.
Which city should I look for?
Search for the restaurant in Pinole.
There is a nice restaurant called China Delights located in Pinole.
Do you have any other restaurants?
There is a nice restaurant called China House Restaurant located in Pinole.
Okay, That sounds good to me. Can you help me in booking a table for 2 people on 11th of March?
What time should I put for the reservation?
I would like to reserve the table at 1 pm.
Please confirm: You want me to reserve a table for 2 people at China House Restaurant located in Pinole at 1 pm on March 11th.
Yes, That is correct. Can you confirm whether the restaurant is ultra high-end?
I have successfully booked the table for you And they are moderate restaurant.
Thank you for the help!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you book a shared ride to 1971 San Pablo Avenue for me and my friends.
Please confirm: You want me to book a shared ride for 2 people in a cab to 1971 San Pablo Avenue.
Yes, That is correct. Can you tell me total cost of my ride?
I have successfully booked your ride and the total cost for the ride is $19.11.
That will be all. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day!
Looking for a place to eat
in which location?
search in Palo alto
what kind of food?
search for Take-out
Palo Alto has Pizz'a Chicago
ok, please book me a table for four on the 11th of march
whats the time?
Book it at Five in the evening
Please confirm: Booking a table for 4 at the Pizz'a Chicago in Palo Alto at 5 pm on March 11th
yes, thats correct
your booking is done
Thanks, get a cab for me and my friends to there
Is a shared ride ok to 4115 El Camino Real
yes, that works
Please confirm: Booking a shared cab to 4115 El Camino Real for 4 people
yes thats ok, whats its cost?
your ride is booked, it will cost $23.30
thanks a lot, thats all
have a good day
I need a place to eat
What kind of food would you like to eat?
I'd like some Taiwanese food
In which city?
I'm looking a restaurant in San Jose
There are 10 restaurants in San Jose. What about Chef Li?
Can I get the contact number and the address, please?
Sure! Contact number: 408-377-8310. Address: 2033 Camden Avenue # F3
Thanks a lot. Are there other restaurants in the area?
In San Jose there's China Delight
This is ok! I want to book a table for 1 people on 11th of this month at evening 6:30
A table for 1 people at China Delight in San Jose, on March 11th at 6:30 pm. Is it correct?
No, I prefer to reserve at 1:30 in the afternoon
A table on March 11th at 1:30 pm. Do you confirm?
Yes, I confirm. China Delight is an ultra high-end restaurant?
No, it's a moderate restaurant. Your table is booked!
Are there outdoor seats? Are vegetarian dishes also served?
Unfortunately no outdoor seats. Yes, there are many vegetarian dishes.
Thanks a lot! I need a cab to go to 5813 Cottle Road
Do you prefer a shared ride?
Yes, a shared ride is fine, thanks
A cab for 1 people in a shared ride to 5813 Cottle Road. Is it correct?
Yes, It is. How much does the cab cost? How long is the ride?
It costs $10.67. The ride should last about 30 minutes. Your cab is coming!
Thank you very much
Can I do anything else for you?
No, It's all for today. Thanks
Have a good day
I need to find a place to eat.
What are you in the mood for and where should I search?
Something Parisian in SFO.
I found 10 you may like. How about Amelie San Francisco in San Francisco?
What is the adrdress?
They are located at 1754 Polk Street.
Do they offer vegetarian options? What is the number to the restaurant?
The do not offer vegetarian options and the number is 415-292-6916.
Can you recommend another with a moderate price.
I found 9 others. How about Aquitaine Wine Bar & Bistro in San Francisco?
Sounds good. Can you book me a table.
What time would you like your reservation?
Make it evening 4:30.
You want a table for 2 at 4:30 pm on March 1st at the Aquitaine Wine bar & Bistro in San Francisco, correct?
Yes that is correct.
I was unable to book the table. Can I do anything else for you?
Can you try again for 5:30 in the evening?
You want a table for 2 at 5:30 pm on March 1st at the Aquitaine Wine bar & Bistro in San Francisco, correct?
Yes that's correct.
I was unable to book the table. How about 5 pm on March 1st for 2 at Aquitaine Wine Bar & Bistro?
Yes that will work.
Your reservation has been made.
I need a cab for us to get there please.
Do you want a shared ride to 175 Sutter Street?
Yes that works.
You want a shared ride with 2 seats to 175 Sutter Street, correct?
Yes that is correct. What's the total?
Your ride is on the way. The total is $10.73.
Thank you for you assistance.
Can I do anything else for you?
No that's all thanks.
Okay, enjoy your meal.
Hi, I want to find a Sichuan restaurant please.
In what area?
In San Fran please.
I have 10 places for you. How about Alice's, which is in San Francisco?
Okay, I like that.
Anything else today?
Can you make a reservation for me for two at 13:00?
Confirming a table at Alice's for 2 on March 1st at 1 pm in San Francisco.
Thank you. Do they make vegetarian meals?
Yes, they sure do. And the table has been booked.
What's their price range, by the way?
They are cheap.
Okay, thanks. I need a cab, too, for my trip to 1599 Sanchez Street.
A shared ride is okay?
That's no problem.
Confirming a cab for 2 to 1599 Sanchez Street.
Yes, thanks a lot.
The cab has been dispatched and it will arrive in a bit.
Thank you. I'm all set.
You're welcome, my pleasure.
I want to find a place to eat in San Leandro that is cheap and has vegetarian options.
Is there a type of cuisine you prefer?
I like Latin American food.
Taco Bell in San Leandro is nice.
Is there outdoor seating there? What's their user rating like?
There's no outdoor seating there. They have a 3.2 user rating.
Okay, I'll go there.
Do you need help with anything else?
I want to book a table there.
What time do you want the table?
I want it at 7:15 pm.
I'll book you a table for 2 at Taco Bell in San Leandro for March 1st at 7:15 pm. Is that correct?
No, it's just for one person.
I'll book you a table for 1 at Taco Bell, is that right?
That's right.
I'm sorry but the reservation didn't go through. Do you want to try to book a table at Taco Bell for 1 for March 1st at 7:30 pm?
Yeah, that's good too.
I've booked the table for you.
I'll need a cab to get to 15099-A Hesperian Boulevard. Shared ride is fine.
I'll get you a shared ride cab for 1 to 15099-A Hesperian Boulevard, is that okay?
Yeah, that's good. How long does the trip take and how much is it?
I've booked the cab and it's on route. The trip is 15 minutes long and is $16.41.
Thanks for all the help.
Can I do anything else for you?
No, thanks again for the help.
Have a wonderful day.
I'm in the mood for some sichuan in san fran, find me something where I can sit and enjoy the food
if you're in san francisco, you can go to alice's
will I find a vegetarian menu once there?
they take good care of vegetarians
I like this place, book me a table there on the 5th of this month at 1:30 in the afternoon
confirm me the booking before it's final. you are looking for a table for 2 at alice's in san francisco. the date you'll need that table is march 5th at 1:30 pm
yes, I'm really looking forward that day
the reservation is not done, ask me any other thing
I have to ask you to insist for that table see if there's one on the 11th at one pm
I'll recap this to see if it is right. You want a table for 2 at alice's in san francisco. you want it on march 11th at 1 pm
yes, see if we have better luck this time
you do actually, the table has been reserved
I think I'll reach the place by shared ride, the address is 1599 sanchez street
confirm me the data: you are in need of a shared ride for 2 to reach 1599 sanchez street
your data are correct. how much will it cost us and how long will it take to get us there?
your shared ride will require 10 minutes of your time to take you there for the price of $20.12
your help is very infomative
I can inform you on many other things
no, I know everything I need at the moment. see you next
goodbye sir
Where can I dine with a vegetarian choices on the menu?
Where am I looking? Do you have a food type preference.
I am looking for Cantonese restaurant in Millbrae.
Tai Wu Restaurant in Millbrae is 1 choice you may like.
That sounds perfect.
What else can I do for you?
I would like a restaurant reservation.
Is there a time you prefer?
Half past 7 in the evening would be great.
I will reserve a t table for 2 at the Tai Wu Restaurant in Millbrae this March 1st at 7:30 pm with your permission.
Permission granted.
The table has been booked.
Is the establishment pricey. Do they have a rating?
The restaurant is moderate in pricing with a rating of 3.7.
Nice. Me and my buddies need a cab, even if it is a shared ride, to 300 El Camino Real
I will find a shared ride for 2 to 300 El Camino Real if that is right.
That's right. What is the drive time?
The drive is approximately 24 minutes. The cab should be here soon.
What is the total charge?
The charge is $16.24.
You're the best. I'm set for now.
Have fun today.
it's about time for me to start looking for a restaurant
if there's a particular type of food you wish to eat, you can tell me. I also need to know where do I have to look for it
the area is fairfield and I'm looking for american type of food
in fairfield you can try chuck e. cheese's
I've hard of this one, yes, I want to go
tell me the time for your reservation
4:30 pm would be wonderful
read and carefully consider what I am about to do. you want a table for 2 at chuck e. cheese's in fairfield on march 1st at 4:30 pm
yes, you may go on with the procedure
the reservation was not confirmed. can I help you some other way?
I'm still very interested in this reservation so it's fine if you can book it at 12:30 pm
this is what I'm going to try again. you want to book a table for 2 at chuck e. cheese's in fairfield. the date is march 1st and the reservation is 12:30 pm
yes, let's hope they have a table for me. can you tell me if vegetarians can find something to meets their taste on the menu?
you're request has been satisfied and vegetarians may enjoy a nice meal there too!
another thing I would like to know is if I can sit outside and if you can retrieve the address
they are at 1027 oliver road and there's no chance for you to sit outside
it's still fine with me. I just need a shared ride now
confirm me your request for a shared ride for 2 people to reach 1027 oliver road
my request is that one
then you'll be on your car in a short time
that's awesome! bye for now
thank you and have fun
Please help me find a place to eat.
Which location do you prefer?
In San Jose.
What food do you want?
I like Ramen.
How about Bluefin in San Jose?
That one is good.
Will I reserve you table there now?
Yes, please.
What time do you prefer to go there?
At 11:30 in the morning.
Okay, you want to reserve a table for 2 at Bluefin in San Jose on march 1st at 11:30 am. Please confirm.
Yes, do they cater vegetarians foods on their menu? What is their address?
No, they don't have vegetarian options and they are located at 754 The Alameda #10. Your reservation is now confirmed!
Please help me find a cab going there with my friends.
Do you prefer shared ride?
That's okay with me.
Okay, you want a shared ride for 2 people going to 754 The Alameda #10. Please confirm.
Yes, how long does the ride takes?
About 22 minutes and your cab is on its way!
Thanks for your help.
You are welcome.
I'd like to find a restaurant.
What type of restaurant are you looking for?
I think I'm in the mood for a Cantonese place.
In what city please?
I'm thinking of Dublin.
I have 7 possibilities for you in Dublin. Would you be interested in China Paradise Restaurant?
Yes, please make a reservation for next Tuesday at twelve PM for a party of 3.
Confirming a reservation at 12 PM for 3 people on March 5th at China paradise restaurant in Dublin.
Is there any outside seating and what is the phone number?
They don't have outdoor seating, I'm sorry. The telephone number is 925-556-9988 and the reservation is complete.
Okay, thanks. I'm also going to need a taxi.
Is your destination 4580 Dublin Boulevard and are you OK with a shared ride?
No problem, yes.
Just confirming that a shared ride is OK?
Yes, it's fine.
Confirming 3 passengers for a shared taxi to 4580 Dublin Boulevard.
Correct, thank you.
The taxi has been dispatched.
Excellent, I appreciate it.
Will there be anything else?
I don't think so.
Thank you very much.
I'm looking for a place to go eat
What kind of food are you craving?
I want some Pizza and Pasta!
Sure, where should we look?
How about in San Fran?
I found 10 places in San Francisco including 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano
Yes, that's fine
Want me to book you a table?
Sure, please do
At what time then?
Make it for 12 pm
Confirming a table for 2 on March 1st at 12 pm at 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in San Francisco
No, make that for three people for next Monday
OK, so a table for 3 on March 4th?
Yes that's better
OK, it's booked!
Awesome, now I need a cab to go to 16 Mint Plaza with my friends
Is a shared cab good?
Yes, it's good
So a shared cab for 3 to 16 Mint Plaza?
Yes please. How much is that?
It's booked and will be there soon. It'll be $30.43 total
Awesome, that's it for now!
OK, sure thing, take care
I am searching for a place to eat which serves Ramen.
In which place shall I search?
Search it in Berkeley.
Iyasare is a great restaurant in Berkeley.
It is good.
Shall I book the table there?
Yes. Please.
When shall I reserve it?
I wish to reserve a table at 12:00.
Kindly ensure that, On March 1st, booking is done for 2 persons at Iyasare in Berkeley at 12 pm.
It is good. What is their user rating?
Your booking is done. The user rating is 4.5
Thank you very much.
Do you need any other help?
I wish to book a cab to go to 1830 Fourth Street. I am happy with the shared ride
Kindly ensure that, you wish to go to 1830 Fourth Street. The shared ride has been booked for 2 persons.
No. I wish to go to Georgetown Waterfront Park.
Kindly ensure that, you wish to go to Georgetown Waterfront Park in shared ride.
It is good.
Your ride has been reserved and it is on its way.
what is the cost?
The cost is $18.09
Thank you so much for your help.
Do you need any other help?
No. Thank you so much for your help.
Have a fantastic day.
Hello! Please can you help me to find some good restaurant in Napa?
Sure. What type of cuisine are you looking for?
Please can you find something which would serve Greek?
Sure. What about Tarla Mediterranean Bar + Grill Napa Valley Restaurant located in Napa?
Is there outdoor seating available?
Yup, you have.
Is it an economical restaurant?
Nope, the price is moderate.
That sounds good.
So, do you wish to book a table here?
Yup, Please can you book a table at this restaurant?
At what time you wish to reserve?
I wish to make the reservation at 8 o"clock in the night.
Please can you confirm me that you wish to book a table at Tarla Mediterranean Bar + Grill Napa Valley Restaurant located in Napa for 2 people on March 1st at 8 pm. Is that right?
Yup, you are correct.
Sorry, your booking is unsuccessful. Do you want me to assist you with anything else?
Please can you try booking the table again for I wish to reserve 12 in the afternoon?
Sure. Please can you confirm me that you wish to book a table at Tarla Mediterranean Bar + Grill Napa Valley Restaurant for 2 people on March 1st at 12 pm in Napa, right?
Yup, that sounds good.
Okay! Your booking is confirmed.
Thanks much. Please can you find me a cab to reach that place with my friends?
Sure. So, do you wish to have a shared ride to reach 1480 First St Napa, Ca 94559?
Yup, that would work. I can have a shared ride.
Okay! Please can you confirm me that you wish to have a shared ride for 2 people to reach 1480 First St Napa, Ca 94559, right?
Yup, sounds good.
Okay your booking is confirmed and the cab in on the way.
Thanks much for the help.
Do you want me to assist you with anything else?
Nope, thanks much for the help.
Have a wonderful day.
I need to find a place to eat.
What type of cuisine do you want?
Something Jamaican would be great.
Where should I look?
I need to find something in SFO.
Kaya Restaurant in San Francisco is a nice place.
Sounds good thank you.
Would you like a reservation?
Yes I need a table for 3 on the 2nd at 19:00.
You want a table for 3 at Kaya Restaurant in San Francisco at 7 pm on March 2nd, correct?
Yes that is correct.
Your reservation has been made.
Do they have vegetarian dinners on the menu? Where are they located?
They don't offer vegetarian. They are located at 1420 Market Street.
Thanks, can you get me a shared ride for my friends and I?
You need a shared ride for 3 to 1420 Market Street, correct?
YEs that is correct.
Your ride is on the way.
Thanks for everything.
Can I do anything else for you?
No that's it for now.
Okay have a great day!
Hi, could you help me search for some nice places to eat please.
Sure, any preferred locations of your restaurant?
Something in Saratoga will suffice.
Sure, what type of food will you prefer?
A restaurant which serves some fresh lobster will do.
How about Sushi Heaven in Saratoga?
That is fine with me, could you assist in making a reservation there?
When will you be dining in?
Some time at 19:00.
Please confirm your reservation for 2 at Sushi Heaven in Saratoga at 7 pm on March 1st.
Sure, I am fine with that.
Your reservation has been made.
Thank you! Could you get me a cab ride there too?
Will you be travelilng to 12108 Saratoga Sunnyvale Road and do you mind a shared ride?
Sure, that is fine with me.
Please confirm your booking for a shared ride for 2 to 12108 Saratoga Sunnyvale Road.
Yes, that is fine for me too.
Your booking has been made and is on its way!
Sure, thank you for your kind assistance.
Do you need further assistance?
No, that is all I need.
Have an enjoyable trip!
I want to search for a nice restaurant.
what type of food do you fancy?
Somewhere that has Asado.
Which city do you want?
Something in SF.
There is a lovely restaurant called Precita Park Cafe & Grill in San Francisco.
Where are they located and are they expensive?
They are considered moderate price range and are located at 500 precita Avenue.
that suits fine could you book me a table?
What time works best?
1:15 in the afternoon.
To confirm then that is a table for 2 at 1:15 pm on March 1st, at Precita Park Cafe & Grill in San Francisco.
Yes that is perfect. Do you have a contact number for them?
Unfortunately I was unable to book that for you, can I do anything more for you?
Could you try again but try for 1:30 in the afternoon.
To confirm then that is a table for 2 on March 1st at 1:30 pm at Precita Park Cafe & Grill in San Francisco.
Yes that is correct.
Your booking is now confirmed.
Thanks for that now could you get me a cab there?
Would you be happy with a shared ride?
Yes that is fine.
To confirm that is shared ride cab for 2 to 500 Precita Avenue.
Yes that's right, how much will it be and how long will the journey take?
It is booked and will be with you shortly. In total it will cost $24.45 and will take around 30 minutes.
Thanks for your assistance.
Anything else you require?
No that's all thanks.
Have a lovely day.
I am interested in finding a place where I can eat, and the place I am looking for should be considered as moderate regarding the price.
Is there some particular kind of food you are interested in? In which location should I look for the restaurant?
I am interested in restaurants in Fremont, and that serve Quick meal.
A good restaurant in Fremont I can recommend is Olive Garden Italian Restaurant.
Yes, that is nice.
Do you want to book a table at this restaurant?
Yes, I want to book a table for four people on Wednesday next week at 12:15.
Can you please confirm that you want to book a table for 4 people at Olive Garden Italian Restaurant in Fremont on March 6th at 12:15 pm?
That is not right, because I want to have the table booked for March 11th.
Can you please confirm that you want to book a table at Olive Garden Italian Restaurant for March 11th?
That is not right, because my frieds cancelled so I need to have the table for one person at half past 11 in the morning.
Can you please confirm that you want to book a table for 1 person at 11:30 am?
Yes, that suits me well.
I apologize but I could not make the reservation you asked for. Do you want me to try again book a table for 1 person at Olive Garden Italian Restaurant on March 11th at 11 am?
Yes that works for me too.
Your requested reservation has been made.
I appreciate it very much! Now I need to find a cab I can have to go there with my friends.
Are you willing to have a shared ride?
I do not mind have a shared ride.
Is your destination 39145 Farwell Drive?
Yes, that is where I want to go.
Can you please confirm that you want to have a shared ride cab for 1 person to go to 39145 Farwell Drive.
Yes, that is correct.
Your requested cab has been booked, and is already on the way.
I am thankful for the help you provided to me. That would be all for now.
Have a wonderful time!
I'm looking for a place to eat at any price range
What kind of food, and where?
I'd love to visit a Diner in San Jose
I found 10 places including 71 Saint Peter in San Jose
What's their rating, and do they have vegetarian options?
They have a pretty solid 4.0 rating and yes, they do have vegetarian options
Yes, that sounds awesome
Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes please, for two on March 9th at 5:30 pm
Confirming a table for 2 at 5:30 pm on March 9th at 71 Saint Peter in San Jose
Yes that works
Your reservation is booked
Great, no I need to take a cab with my friends to 71 North San Pedro Street
Is a shared ride fine?
Yes, that's ok
Confirming you want a shared ride for 2 to 71 North San Pedro Street
Yes please. How much is that, and how long is that ride?
It's booked an on the way! It'll be about an 8 minute ride and cost you $12.32
Thanks for your help!
Can I do something else?
No, for now we're all good
Alright, have a good one!
Find me a place where vegetarians can eat.
What city do you want to eat in?
Find places in San Jose.
What type of food do you like?
I want an economical priced place serving Asian in San Francisco.
Search revealed 10 places. Bai Thong Thai is in San Francisco.
Can you eat outdoors there?
No, you can't eat outdoors there.
That works for me. Book me a table for 6 o"clock in the evening.
You want a table for 2 at Bai Thong Thai in San Francisco for 6 pm on March 1st?
No, I want to eat there on the 12th of this month.
I should book at table at Bai Thong Thai on March 12th?
That is right.
Your table is booked.
How can I contact them and can you tell me their rating?
You can contact them at 415-863-9335 and they have a 3.7 rating.
Thanks a bunch. I need a ride to get there.
Is a shared ride fine with you?
A shared ride is fine with me.
Is your destination 298 Gough Street?
Yes it is and I need a ride for 3 people.
You want a shared cab for 3 people to 298 Gough Street, correct?
That is right. What is the ride duration and total cost?
Your ride is ordered and is coming for you. The ride duration is 14 minutes and the total cost is $14.13.
Thanks a bunch.
Do you need more help?
No, not right now. Thanks.
Have a good day.
Please help me to find restaurant in Gilroy.
What find of food do you prefer?
I want European.
I found 1 restaurant and that is Tasso's Old House Restaurant and it is located in Gilroy.
That's good.
Will I reserve you a table now?
Yes at 11:15.
Okay, You want to reserve a table for 2 at Tasso's Old House Restaurant in Gilroy on March 1st at 11:15 am. Please confirm.
Yes that's good.
Apologies I fail to make a reservation. Anything else can I help you with?
Can you help me to book a table again and make the reservation at 6 pm.
Okay, You want to reserve a table for 2 at Tasso's Old House Restaurant in Gilroy on March 1st at 6 pm. Please confirm.
That's good.
Your reservation is successfully booked.
Is this a cheap restaurant.
No, but they are moderate restaurant.
May I know the address?
Their address is 383 1st Street.
Please help me to find cab to go there with my friends.
Do you prefer shared ride?
Yes its okay for me.
Okay, you want book a shared ride for 2 people going to 383 1st Street. Please confirm.
That's good.
Your cab is on its way.
How long is the ride and how much does it cost?
Its only $19.22 and the ride will last about 22 minutes.
Thank you.
Anything else can I help you with?
No thanks.
Enjoy your day!
I'm searching for a restaurant.
What kind of place?
I'd like someplace that's reasonably priced that also has a vegetarian dishes where I can pick-up my food.
In what city?
How about in Fremont?
I'd like to suggest Olive Garden Italian Restaurant in Fremont.
All right, that's fine.
Should I make a reservation?
Yes, I'd like one.
When would you like it?
I'd like it at 12:30 in the afternoon.
Confirming a 12:30 PM reservation in Fremont for 2 people on March 1st at Olive Garden Italian Restaurant.
That all sounds great.
That table has been booked.
Could you tell me the phone number and the address?
Yes, the contract number is 510-796-5102 and the address is 39145 Farwell Drive.
Thanks. I'd also like to hail a cab, a shared ride is no problem.
Confirming arktaxi for 2 passengers, a shared ride, to 39145 Farwell Drive.
Thank you very much.
The taxi has been dispatched.
Thanks for your help.
It is my pleasure.
Find me an economical priced place that Serves southern food in Glen Ellen.
Search revealed 1 result which is Glen Ellen Inn in Glen Ellen.
What is their location and contact number?
You can find them at 13670 Arnold Drive and you can get in touch with them at 707-996-1174.
That is great. Book me a table for 2 at 5 o"clock in the evening on the 5th of March.
You want a table for 2 at 5 pm on March 5th at the Glen Ellen Inn in Glen Ellen, correct?
That is right. Can vegetarians eat there and what is their rating?
Your table is booked. They do have any food for vegetarians and they are rated 4.5 stars.
Find me a taxi to get there.
Is a shared ride okay with you?
Yes, a shared ride is just fine.
You want a shared ride for 2 people to get to 13670 Arnold Drive, correct?
That is right. What is the total bill?
Your ride is ordered and is coming for you right now. The total bill is $21.28.
Thanks a bunch.
Do you need something more?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a good day.
Hey! Please can you find me some hotels to have food?
Where are you searching for? What type of cuisine do you wish to have?
Please can you search for restaurants serving Asian Fusion in Mountain View?
Yup, I've 4 restaurants for you in Mountain View. Do you wish to dine at Hangen Szechuan?
Do you have any other recommendations, for I'm looking for a economical priced restaurant.
Okay! there are 2 restaurants for you. Do you wish to dien at Kirin located in Mountain View.
Yup, I'm looking for this kind of restaurant only. Please can you book a table here?
At what time?
Please can you make it at twelve in the afternoon?
Please can you confirm me that you wish to reserve a table for 2 people on March 1st at 12 pm at Kirin in Mountain View, right?
Yup, that sounds good. Is it a vegetarian or non-veg hotel?
It's a pure vegetarian restaurant and your booking is successful.
Please can you help me to find a cab to reach there with my friends?
Sure. Do you prefer a shared ride to reach 485 Castro Street?
Yup, its good to have a shared ride.
Please can you confirm me that you wish to have a shared ride for 2 people to reach 485 Castro Street, right?
Nope, I wish to go to 629 Union Street.
Okay, Please can you confirm me that you wish to book a cab for 2 people to reach 629 Union Street, right?
Yup sounds good.
Okay your cab is confirmed and its on the way.
Thanks much for the help.
Okay, do you want me to help you with anything else?
Nope, thanks much for the help.
Have a wonderful day.
Help me find a place to eat.
Is there a kind of food you prefer?
I want a place that serves lobster.
What area would you like to search in?
I want a place in San Mateo.
Andes Cafe San Mateo in San Mateo is nice.
That sounds like it'll hit the spot.
Do you want me to book a table?
Yeah, book a table for two for the 9th of March at 1:15 pm.
I'll book a table for 2 at Andes Cafe San Mateo in San Mateo for March 9th at 1:15 pm, is everything correct?
Yeah, you got it.
I'm sorry but the reservation didn't go through. Would you like to try a table for 2 at Andes Cafe San Mateo on March 9th at 1 pm?
Yeah, try that.
I've booked the table for you.
My friend and I also need a cab to get to 2317 South El Camino Real. A shared ride is fine.
I'll get you a shared ride cab for 2 to 2317 South El Camino Real, correct?
Yes, please get it.
I've booked the cab and it's on route.
How long will the trip be and what's the cost?
It is $14.95 and the trip is around 16 minutes.
Thanks for the help, I'll be going now.
Have a fun day!
I need to find a restaurant in SFO.
What sort of food would you like to eat.
I am in the mood for japanese cuisine but at a restaurant that is not very costly.
I have found 10 suitable choices in San Francisco. There is a lovely restaurant called 2g japanese brasserie.
Great. I would like to book at table for 3 at eleven in the morning.
You would like a table for 3 at 2g japanese brasserie in san francisco for March 1st at 11 am?
Yes, that would be great. May I have an address?
I have made the reservation. The address is 601 van ness avenue.
What is the user rating for there and may I have a contact number
The rating is 3.5 and the numbe is 415-292-9997.
Thanks a lot.
Would you need anything else?
I want to go there with some friends, so I would need a shared ride.
You would like a shared ride for 3 heading to 601 van ness avenue?
I want it for 4 persons.
You would like a cab for 4 to go to 601 van ness avenue?
That's correct. How long would it take me to get there and how much does the cab cost?
Your cab will arrive shortly. The trip is 15 minutes and the price is $25.44.
Thanks. That would be all.
Enjoy your day.
I want to eat out side once and I need your help to find some nice places in Oakland. Can you find the best one which should supply Burrito type food.
How about the one like Agave Uptown restaurant in Oakland which is the best I think among the 8 results that I found.
This is good to me I think. I want to book a table in that restaurant. Can you help me to do so?
Which time will be perfect to you to book the table?
Book it at 13:45.
Please confirm to book a table for 2 at Agave Uptown in Oakland on March 1st for the time 1:45 pm.
That is correct to proceed. Also check whether they have outdoor seating there?
Unfortunately I could not book the table for 2 at Agave Uptown at that particular time. Shall I try it for some other time on the same day March 1st like the time 1:30 pm? and also for your information please not that they do not have outdoor seating.
That's Okay, try for the new time.
That is confirmed and booked successfully.
Thanks for the same.
Anything else you need?
Yes, I need only one help finally which is to book a Cab for me to go to 2135 Franklin Street. I can adjust with shared ride.
Please confirm to book a cab with shared ride for 2 persons to 2135 Franklin Street.
That is confirmed and let me know about the time will be taken for that ride.
I have booked your cab and the same will reach you at any time and your ride will last about 14 minutes.
That's okay. Thanks for your help.
Do you want to do any more help?
No. Thanks. that's all.
Have a good day.
I am interested in finding a restaurant.
in which city?
In Berkeley please.
What type of food do you like?
Somewhere serving Pick-up.
There is 1 restaurant called Gaumenkitzel in Berkeley.
Where are they located?
at 2121 San Pablo Avenue.
yes I like the sound of there.
Will I book a table for you?
please, could you make it for half past 7 in the evening.
To confirm then that is a table for 2 at 7:30 pm on March 1st at Gaumenkitzel in Berkeley.
that suits me fine, do they have vegetarian options.
Your booking is confirmed and yes they have lovely vegetarian options.
Do they have tables outside and what is their contact number?
There is no ouside tables and their contact number is 510-647-5016.
thanks for that now to get a cab there?
What do you think of a shared ride?
yes that would do fine.
To confirm then that is a taxi cab for 2 to 2121 San Pablo Avenue.
that's great, how much will it be and how long will the journey take?
your taxi cab is booked and will be there soon. It will be $16.93 and the journey should take 29 minutes.
Thanks for that.
Can I assist you with anything else?
No that's all thanks.
Have a lovely day.
Can you find me a restaurant that serves Asian Fusion that has moderate prices?
In which city should I find the restaurants?
Find me the ones in Petaluma.
Of the 2 restaurants that I found, Flowering Tea House in Petaluma is a nice restaurant.
Is outdoor seating available and do they serve vegetarian dishes?
They do have good options for vegetarians, but they do not have outdoor seating.
Okay. That sounds good.
Should I reserve a table for you there?
Yes, please get me a table for 1 at five pm on the 3rd of March.
Please confirm that you want a table for 1 at the Flowering Tea House restaurant in Petaluma at 5 pm on March 3rd.
Hold on. Make it a table for 4 on next Thursday.
Okay. So you want a table for 4 on March 7th. Is that correct?
Right. Can you get me their phone number please?
Your table has been reserved successfully. Their phone number is 707-775-3088.
Thanks a bunch! Veg you get a cab for me and my friends to go there?
Is a shared ride okay?
Yes, that should be fine. I need to go to 1367 North McDowell Boulevard #110.
Please confirm that you want a shared cab for 4 to go to 1367 North McDowell Boulevard #110.
Yes, that is correct.
Your cab has been booked and it is on its way.
How much will it cost and how long will it take to get there?
It will cost $15.52 and the to will take 31 minutes.
Thanks again! That's all I need for now.
Have a great day!
I'm going out with some friends for dinner and I want to find a good restaurant.
What kind of cuisine are you interested in and what area should I search in?
Let's search in El Cerrito for a place with pizza and pasta.
I found 1 restaurant you might like. Romano's Macaroni Grill is a good restaurant located in El Cerrito.
Yes, that'll work just fine. I'd like to reserve a table there for 3 people on the 6th of March at 11:30.
Okay, let's confirm: You are booking a table for 3 at Romano's Macaroni Grill in El Cerrito on March 6th at 11:30 am.
My friends just cancelled. So on second thought, let's get a table for 1 on March 14th.
Okay, let's confirm: You are booking a table for 1 on March 14th.
Yes, that's great. Can you tell me what this restaurant is rated and if they have vegetarian options?
Your table has been reserved. They have good vegetarian options and the restaurant received a user rating of 3.9.
I'd like to get a cab ride there with my friends. I need to get to 8000 El Cerrito Plaza.
Is a shared ride okay?
Sure, I'm fine with a shared ride.
Let's confirm the details: You are booking a shared cab for 1 to 8000 El Cerrito Plaza.
Yep, sounds good. How much is the ride and how long will it take to get there?
Your cab has been booked and is on the way. The ride takes about 12 minutes and costs $14.36.
Thanks for your help.
Anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it for now, thanks.
Have a great day!
I refuse to cook, find me a restaurant
nice idea, give me a city and a type of food and I'll do the rest
the city is sf and the food I want to eat is tapas
there are 8 places in san francisco where you can satisfy your cravings, one is aatxe
I'm not really happy with the one you suggested me, I was thinking to seat outside and pay a moderate price for my food
there is a good 1 in san francisco and it's picaro
can you tell me where is this place? may them take good care of vegetarians?
No, vegetarians won't find anythings for them. the restaurant's location is 3120 16th street
I'm still interested in booking a table for one person at 6:45 pm
confirm me the specifics of your plan. you want to eat a picaro in san francisco on march 1st at 6:45 pm so you need a table for 1 person
it is partially correct, the time for the reservation must be 12:30
I've fixed the time, please check. you want a reservation for 1 people at 12:30 pm
better now
you got your table for 1
perfect, now I need rating and phone number
rating is 4.4 and the number to call if needed is 415-431-4089
let's find transportation now, a shared ride is fine
tell me if this is what you asked me. you want a shared ride for 1 people to go to 3120 16th street
yes, I want that and I also need to know the price for it and
you have your transportation to get there, it will take 21 minutes circa. the price for it is $16.72
thanks a lot for the useful information
may I assist you furthermore?
no, that's all for now
thank you and goodbye
Hi, could you help me search for places to eat please?
Where will you prefer to dine at?
Something in Pinole will be great!
Any preferred type of food?
Could you find one which serves up some steaming hot dumplings?
Sure, there are 3 restaurants in Pinole, how about China Delights?
That is fine with me!
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Could you do so for 1 on the 6th of this month at 6:30 in the evening please?
Sure, please confirm your reservation for 1 at China Delights in Pinole at 6:30 pm on March 6th.
That is fine with me.
Your reservation has been made.
Do you know if they have outdoor seating?
No, they do not.
How can I contact them?
You can try calling them at 510-964-1882.
Could you get me a shared ride to 1501 Tara Hills Drive too?
Sure, please confirm your shared ride for 1 to 1501 Tara Hills Drive.
Yes, I am fine with that. How much will this cost me?
Your booking has been made and is on its way to you now. This will set you back $12.65.
I see, that is all I need!
Sure, have a great day ahead!
I need to find a place to eat.
Where should I look?
Find something is San Francisco please.
What kind of food would you like?
A light meal please.
I found 8 you might like. How about Aatxe in San Francisco?
What else can you find?
Barvale is a nice restaurant in San Francisco.
Can you recommend anything else?
Beso Bistronomia is a nice place in San Francisco.
Yes that is perfect.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please do.
What time would you like your table reserved?
Make it in the evening 6.
You want a table for 2 at Beso Bistronomia in San Francisco on march 1st at 6 pm, correct?
Yes that sounds good.
Your reservation has been made.
What is the restaurant's rating?
They are rated about 4.3.
Thanks, I also need a cab to get to 4058 18th Street A. Shared is fine, one seat.
You want a shared ride with 1 seat to 4058 18th Street A, correct?
Yes that's correct. How much is it? How long does it take to get there?
Your ride is on the way. It takes about 31 minutes to get there and costs $14.96.
Thanks for everything.
Can I do anything else?
Not right now thank you.
Okay have a nice day.
Find me a restaurant tagged as intermediate priced.I love outdoor seating.
What kind of food you want and in which location you want to be?
I would like to be in San Fran and Southern food to be served.
10 option I have for you.A nice restaurant called B located in San Francisco.
Tell me the user rating please.
Around 4.1 is the user rating at this restaurant.
You can suggest me other?
A nice restaurant is Catch located in San Francisco.
That sounds very good.
You want a table there?
Yes make a reservation for two people on March 7th at 13:00.
Book a table for 2 people at Catch in San Francisco on March 7th at 1 pm.
Sounds great.Tell me the phone number.
Reservation was made.415-431-5000 is the phone number.
They have food for vegetarians?Tell me please the address.
Yes they have very good options for vegetarians.2362 Market Street is the address.
Thank you very much.
With something else I can help you?
Get for me and my friends a cab to go there.
You want a shared ride?
Yes a shared ride will be great.
You want a shared ride and a cab for 2 people to go at 2362 Market Street.
Yes that's good.
The ride was booked and the cab is on its way.
Tell me please the cost.
$13.11 is the cost.
How long will be the ride?
Will last about 14 minutes.
Thank you for all.
I can help with something else?
No.Is okay.Thanks.
Have a good day!
i wish to eat outside rather than from home. find a good place to eat?
in which location should i search for?
find restaurants in gilroy?
what kind of food are you searching for?
find something like light meal?
what about mimi's cafe which is a nice restaurant? it is located in gilroy.
ok thats fine. book a table at a restaurant? the table is for two people. looking for a table on 5th of march and the time of reservation should be six in the evening.
please check and confirm the following details. book a table at mimi's cafe in the city gilroy. the reservation timings is at 6 pm for 2 people and the date is march 5th.
ok that suits for me.
reservation is successful.
ok thats good. find a cab to go there with my friends? i need to go to 6935 camino arroyo. i prefer a shared ride.
please check and confirm the following details. Cab ride to 6935 camino arroyo and the cab is for 2 people and it should be a shared ride.
ok that works for me.
cab ride is booked successfully. the cab is on its way.
how much does the cab ride cost?
it costs around $17.48.
how long is the cab ride?
the ride will last for about 19 minutes.
thanks a lot for your kind help
whether i need to find anything else?
no, thanks for now
enjoy, have a good day.
Find me a place to eat
Which type of food do you prefer? Do you prefer any place?
Look for serving Diner around Saratoga
There is 1 restaurant that is Sent Sovi Restaurant in Saratoga
That's good one
Do you want to reserve?
Yes sure. Reserve it on Thursday next week
Please mention the time
Time is 11:30
Please confirm this: Booking a table at Sent Sovi Restaurant at Saratoga at 11:30 am for 2 people on March 7th
Make the table for 2 people
Please confirm this: The reservation time is 11:30 am for 2 people
That's perfect
Reservation successful
Find a shared ride cab to go there
Is the address is 14583 Big Basin Way # 2A
That's the address
Please confirm this: You want to go to 14583 Big Basin Way # 2A in a cab for 2 people. You want a shared ride
That's good
Cab booked and is on its way
Thank you so much. Bye
Have a nice day
I'd like a outdoor seating restaurant that serves pasta in san fran
How about 54 mint ristorante italiano in san francisco
Hmmm what are they rated and are there vegetarian options?
4.4 and yes they have vegetarian options
Ok, great. Reserve me a table
What time?
12:30 pm
Please confirm your table: a 12:30 pm table for 2 at 54 mint ristorante italiano in san francisco on march 1st
Perfect
This reservation is now complete
Oh, I'll need a shared ride cab for me and my friends.
Is your destination address 16 mint plaza?
Yes
Please confirm: a shared ride for 2 people enroute to 16 mint plaza
Correct
This ride is complete and officially on the way
Sweet, thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with
Nope, thanks
Enjoy your trip.
I have a plan to eat outside for once and I need your help to search for a good place to eat. Can you help me in this regard.
Yes, always. What about your favorite food and in which City do you want me to search for?
I like to eat Sushi Bar and I want to fine some nice restaurants in San Francisco.
What about a restaurant like Atami Sushi Bar & Grill which is located in San Francisco? Do you like this place?
Yes, I like this restaurant and I want to book a table there for 4 persons on the 13th. Can you do it for me?
Yes, what is your comfortable time to book the table?
Book it at evening 5:30.
Do you want to book a table for 4 at Atami Sushi Bar & Grill in San Francisco on March 13th at 5:30 pm? I want your confirmation.
Yes, confirmed to proceed with booking. Can you check about the price range in that place?
They offer food for moderate prices and I have successfully booked the table.
That's nice, thanks. And I want to book a Cab to go there along with my friends.
Is it okay for shared ride and please confirm to book a Cab to 1662 Lombard Street.
That's all okay, please proceed.
Can you confirm again whether shared ride is okay to you?
Yes, I am okay with it.
Please give me your confirmation to book a cab with shared ride for 4 persons to 1662 Lombard Street.
That is correct and proceed.
I have successfully booked the Cab and the same will reach you soon.
Thanks for your help.
Anything else you need?
No, that's all for now. Thanks.
Have a good day.
I need to find a place to dine.
What foods do you like best?
I like Pizza.
Where are you?
I'm in San Francisco.
There are 10 options. First in the list is 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano, it's in San Francisco.
Sure do that then?
When do you want to eat there?
Try for six in the evening.
Fine, I have 2 for Dinner at 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano in San Francisco at 6 pm on March 1st.
Wrong, 1 person and I want twelve in the afternoon like I said.
Ok to be clear: 1 person ad 12 pm.
Fine, just do that. Do they have vegetarian choices?
Your set to dine. Sure they have options for vegetarians. They also have outdoor seating.
How about a cab there?
Do you want to share a ride? You're going to 16 Mint Plaza right?
Yes, that's great. Shared is fine.
Sure, I have 1 to 16 mint Plaza, shared?
Yes, indeed. Nailed it.
Fine, you're ride is on the way.
Thanks for helping me.
What else can I get for you?
Nothing now, thanks.
Enjoy your pizza.
Please help me find a reasonably priced restaurant.
Which location and food do you prefer?
I want restaurants in Oakland that serves Pizza and pasta.
How about Belotti Ristorante E Bottega in Oakland?
What's the address?
It's 5403 College Avenue.
Any other option?
How about Contrasto in Oakland?
I like that one, please help me book a table there.
What time do you prefer?
At six pm.
Okay, you want to reserve a table for 2 people at Contrasto in oakland on March 1st at 6 pm. Please confirm.
Yes, What's their rating and their address?
Their rating is around 4.5 and they are located at 388 Grand Avenue. Your table is now reserved!
Thanks, please help me get a shared ride cab to go there with my friends.
Okay, you want a shared ride cab for 2 going to 388 Grand Avenue. Please confirm.
Yes.
Your cab is on its way!
Thank you.
You are welcome.
What is the weather forecast in Atherton on 13th of March?
The forecast average temperature for the day will be 80 degrees Fahrenheit, with an 11 percent chance of rain.
Okay. I'd like to search for songs now.
I have 10 songs for you. What do you think about Rats by Ghost, from the album Prequelle.
Yes, that's the one. I want to listen to it now.
Please confirm: you are playing the song Rats on the TV.
No. Cast it to my bedroom instead.
Please confirm: you are playing the song Rats on the bedroom speaker.
Sorry, changed rooms. Cast it on my kitchen speaker.
Please confirm: you are playing the song Rats on the kitchen speaker.
Yes, go ahead. Is that from nine years ago?
The song is from the year 2018. Enjoy your music.
What kind of music is that?
It is a metal song.
Thanks, that's all.
Have a good day.
Can you check the weather in Bodega Bay on Wednesday next week?
The average temp that day is 82 degrees with a 19 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be?
Wind is estimated at 5 miles per hour.
Okay, what about on the 9th of March?
The average temp that day is 74 degrees with a 14 percent chance of rain.
Okay, thank you. Can you find me a song now? I want a Rock song by Kozoria, maybe on the album K.
How about Worst Ends by Kozoria on the album K?
Yes, that's perfect.
Would you like to play this song now?
Sure!
Okay, I am playing Worst Ends on the TV. Is this correct?
No, play it on my Kitchen speaker.
Okay, I am playing Worst Ends on the Kitchen speaker, correct?
No, play it in my bedroom.
Okay, playing Worst Ends on your Bedroom speaker. Is this correct?
Yes, that's correct.
Enjoy your music!
Thanks! That's all I need.
Have a great day!
check next friday
what city then?
it is millbrae
92 degrees 0 percent
sure then okay
change your life iggy azalea 10 songs the new classic
speaker in the bedroom
change your life bedroom speaker
yes that is right
enjoy it now
what kind then?
it is 2013 pop song
thanks a lot
have a good one
I'd like to know the Newark forecast on the 10th please.
The temperature will average 92 degrees Fahrenheit with a 16 percent rain possibility that day.
Thanks. Now I want to find a song to listen to.
Would you like to hear the Frank Ocean song Nights from the Blonde album?
How about a song by Skillet?
How about the song The Resistance from the album Unleashed Beyond by Skillet?
What genre is that?
It's rock and roll.
From what year?
It was released in 2016.
Okay, sounds good.
Shall I play it for you now?
Yes, on my tv please.
Confirming playback of The Resistance on the TV device.
Sorry, play it on the kitchen device please.
Confirming playback of The Resistance on the kitchen speaker now.
Thank you so much.
You're very welcome.
I guess I'm all set.
Anything else today?
No, thanks again.
It's my pleasure.
Hi, could you help me check the weather in Foster City please.
It is currently 80 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 22 percent chance of rain.
What is the expected humidity and windiness there?
The humidity is around 38 percent and the wind speed is 8 miles per hour.
Sure, could you help me search for some nice songs please?
There are 10 available songs, how about Love Will Remember by Selena Gomez in her album Stars Dance?
Sure, that is what I'm looking for.
Could I further assist you?
Could you play the music please?
Please confirm your request to play Love Will Remember on the Tv.
Could you play it on the kitchen device instead?
Sure, please confirm your request to play Love Will Remember on the Kitchen Speaker
Could you play it on my bedroom speaker instead?
Sure, please confirm your request to play Love Will Remember on the Bedroom Speaker.
Yes, that is fine with me.
Enjoy listening to your music!
What is the music genre and when was it released?
This is a Pop song released in 2013.
Sure, that is all I need.
Have a great day ahead!
I need to check the weather on the 12th of March.
in which city would you like to see weather for?
The city of Novato on the 6th of this month.
The average temperature for that day is predicted to be around 71 degrees Fahrenheit. There is also a 20 percent chance of rain.
Okay, then I would like to search for songs. There are many good songs in the album Love Town. I want to hear some older stuff from like eight years back. I love Reggae.
I have found 1 song which matches your selection. The song is titled First True Love by Kolohe Kai from the album Love Town.
Yeah, that's it!
Would you like to play this song now?
Yeah, and I want to hear it from the speaker in the kitchen.
Please confirm the following information: Play the song First True Love on the Kitchen speaker.
Yes, that's it.
Enjoy your music.
Thanks so much!
Of course. Is there anything else that I may help you with?
No. Thank you!
Of course. Have a wonderful day.
Can you check the weather for me?
In what city
Check Gilroy on the 3rd of March.
The temperature is expected to average 86 degrees with a 7 percent chance of rain.
Thanks. I'd like to look for a song now.
I found 10 songs. Would you like to hear I Lived It from the album Texoma Shore by Blake Shelton?
Yes, I like that one.
Shall I play it now?
Yes, please play it on the speaker in the kitchen.
You would like me to play I Lived It on the Kitchen speaker. Is that correct?
Yes. Is this song from 2012?
No it's from 2017. Enjoy the music.
I will, thanks.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thanks. I'm good.
Have a great day.
I would like to know the weather in Tiburon on 9th of March.
82 degrees Farenheit is the average temperature for the day. The chance of rain is 27 percent.
Sure. How about the weather in San Rafael?
90 degrees Farenheit is the average temperature for the day. The chance of rain is 9 percent.
How windy and humid is it gonna be?
25 percent is the humidity and it should be 10 miles per hour for the wind speed.
Okay. I'd like to search for songs by Ruth B. I like the Safe Haven album and I prefer Pop songs.
How about the Superficial Love by Ruth B in the Safe Haven album?
Is it from '11 album?
It's from 2015.
Yes. That's it. I want to listen to it. Please cast it on my display.
Please verify the details: Play the song on TV, the Superficial Love.
Yes. That is right.
Hope you enjoy it.
Thanks a lot.
Will there be anything else?
No. That's all. Thanks!
Have a great day.
What is the weather in East Palo Alto?
The temperature should be around 92 degrees Fahrenheit with a 19 percent chance of rain.
Can you find me some Ariana Grande songs? Find something from five years back from the album My Everything.
How about Be My Baby? It is from the Ariana Grande album My Everything.
What genre is it?
It is a Pop song.
That's the song.
Can I help you with anything else?
I want to listen to some music.
Confirming that you want me to play Be My Baby on the TV?
No, play it on my bedroom.
Confirming that you want to play Be My Baby on the Bedroom speaker?
Yes, that is correct.
I hope you enjoy your music.
Thanks! That's all for now.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
What's the weather going to be like in Pescadero on the 1st of March?
The forecast average temperature is 86 degrees Fahrenheit with a 0 percent chance of rain.
Ok. Play me some music. How about a pop song by Zayn Malik from two years ago?
I found 2 songs. How about Zayn Malik 's Dusk Till Dawn? It's from the album Icarus Falls.
Yes, play that one
Please confirm: playing Dusk Till Dawn on your TV
No, I want it on my kitchen device
Please confirm: playing Dusk Till Dawn on your kitchen speaker
Yes play it
Enjoy the song
Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
Take care
I want to check the weather for Tuesday next week.
What location do you want to check the weather?
I want to know the weather in Montara.
The average temperature in Montara should be 87 degrees Fahrenheit with a 2 percent chance of rain.
What is the wind and humidity going to be like?
The wind should be around 3 miles per hour and the humidity around 16 percent.
Okay, thanks.
Is there anything else you need?
I'd like to search for songs.
I found 10 songs for you. How about the song Dean Town by Vulfpeck from the album The Beautiful Game?
Is the song from nine years back?
No, it is from 2016.
What other songs are there? I want something from the album Built on Glass from five years back.
I found 1 song for you. It is Gold by Nick Murphy from the album Built on Glass.
What type of song is it?
It is an electronica song.
Yes, that is the one! I'd like to listen to it.
Okay, confirm these details. You want to play the song Gold on the TV.
Yes, that is right.
I have started playing the song, enjoy!
Thank you, that is all I needed.
Have a great day.
Hi there, may I know how is the weather like at ATL?
The weather is 86 degress Fahrenheit with a 28 percent chance of rain!
Could you help me search for songs from two years back too?
Sure, there are 10 available songs, would you like to listen to Airplane Mode by Limbo in the album Holo?
Are there any alternative songs?
How about All On Me by Devin Dawson in the Dark Horse album?
What is the genre of this song?
It is a country song.
Sure, could you play this for me please?
Please confirm your action to play All On Me on the TV.
That is fine with me.
Enjoy your music!
Thank you, that is all I need.
Sure, have a great day ahead!
I want to find weather on the 4th of this month.
What city do you want to check in?
Check Glen Ellen.
The temperature for the day should be 90 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 15 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be?
The wind speed on average will be 11 miles per hour.
Okay. I'd like to find some songs for now. There are good songs in the album Blood. I want something from seven years ago.
How about Adrenalize by In This Moment on Blood
What sort of music is it?
It's a Metalcore song.
Okay. I'd like to listen to music. Put it on my television.
Could you confirm that I should play Adrenalize on the TV?
Sounds right.
Enjoy.
Thanks! That's it.
Have a great day.
I want to know how the weather will be in Duncans Mills for next Thursday.
The average temperature for your requested location should be 87 degrees Fahrenheit, and with a chance of raining of 13 percent.
Alirght, fine. Now I want to find some songs. I would enjoy listening to songs by Cody Johnson. I usually like listening to Country songs.
There is 1 song which you might like. How would you like to listen to With You I Am by Cody Johnson from the album Gotta Be Me.
That is the song I want.
Do you want this song to start playing now?
Yes. I want you to cast the song on my television.
Can you please confirm that you want the song With You I am to be cast on TV.
Yes, that is right.
Enjoy your time listening to the song.
I appreciate it! That would be all.
Have a wonderful time!
Whats the weather supposed to be on the 12th?
Which city are we checking the weather for ?
Check in Calistoga.
Alright, I show should be 80 degrees with 0 percent chance of rain.
Great, find out how windy it will be.
The average wind factor is 9 miles per hour.
Thanks, let's pull up some music now.
Ok, what are you in the mood for? Or if you would like, I can suggest Shy by Jai Waetford off the Heart Miles.
No, not that one, what else can you suggest?
How about Wine For Me by Popcaan off the Forever album.
Maybe, what kind of music is that and what year did it come out?
This is a Reggae hit from 2018.
Yes, that sounds fun.
Great, should I play this song now?
Sure, go ahead.
Please confirm we are going to play Wine For Me on the TV. Is that correct?
Yes, go ahead.
Great, enjoy your selection.
Thanks, Good bye.
Your welcome, Good bye.
I want to find out what the weather is.
What city are you interested in finding out the weather for?
I want to find it for San Leandro.
The average temperature for the day should be 83 degrees Fahrenheit. There is also a 1 percent chance of rain.
Okay, that is fine. I would like to find songs now.
How do you feel about the song Sangria by Blake Shelton that is off the album Bringing Back the Sunshine?
What type of music is that?
This is a country song.
What else can you find? The album Sing To Me Instead has a number of good songs on it.
How do you feel about the Ben Platt song called Bad Habit off the album Sing To Me Instead?
Yes, that is a good one.
Do you want the song to be played?
Yes, cast it to my kitchen speaker.
Confirm these details for me: play the song Bad Habit on the kitchen speaker.
Yes that is what I want.
I hope you enjoy the music.
What year was this song released?
It came out in the year 2019.
What type of music is this?
This is a pop song.
Thanks very much!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thanks very much!
Have a great day.
I'll be spending the day in Cupertino. Can you check what the weather is like there?
Sure, it looks like it's an average of 92 degrees Fahrenheit with a 13 percent chance of rain today.
How windy will it be?
It looks like there will be an average wind of 2 miles per hour.
Ok, not bad. Can you put on some music while I get ready?
Sure, I found a playlist with 10 songs you might like. How about Help by Papa Roach from the album Crooked Teeth?
Yes, that sounds good. Can you play it now?
Sure. I'll play Help on the TV, is that ok?
Yes, that's fine. What genre and year is that song again?
It's a Rock song from 2017. Enjoy!
Thanks! That's all for now.
Ok, have a good day.
Could you check the weather forecast for me in Washington DC.
There is a 13 % chance of rain and the ave temp will be 75 degrees Fahrenheit.
that's fine now will you help me choose a song to listen to.
There are 10 options for you, do you know Mercy by Shawn Mendes from the album Illuminate?
what genre of music would you say it is?
It is a pop song.
ok I choose that one.
Shall I play it?
yes play it on the bedroom speaker.
To confirm then I will play Mercy on the Bedroom speaker.
Yes great, do you know th year it was released?
2010, I hope you like it.
Great thanks for everything.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Check for me the weather on 5th of this month in Santa Rosa.
For the day the average temperature should be 80 degrees Fahrenheit and 20 percent chance of rain.
Humidity how will it be?
Will be around 41 percent.
Tell me how windy will be.
6 miles per hour will be the average wind speed.
Great.Find me some Country songs.I would like something from 2015 by Jon Pardi.
Would you like Head Over Boots by Jon Pardi from album California Sunrise?
Yes,I like it.
You want to play for you this song?
Perfect.Play it on any device please.
Play the song on TV Head Over Boots.It's okay?
No.Cast it on speaker in the kitchen, please.
Play in the Kitchen speaker the song Head Over Boots.Is correct?
Yes is correct.
Enjoy the song.
Thanks.That's all that I needed.
Have a great day!
Hey, what's the weather like in Nairobi?
It's around 105 degrees with a 0 percent chance of rain.
Great, can you find me something to do there?
Sure, there are 3 attractions available. How about the Giraffe Centre nature preserve?
How can I call them?
Their number is 20 891078.
Thanks. Is there anything else? I'd like to find a child-friendly natural spot.
Okay, how about the Karura Forest nature preserve?
Is it free to get in?
No, it's not free.
Okay, can you get me a cab there too?
Sure, a shared ride? For how many people?
Yeah, shared is okay. Just one thanks.
Okay, please confirm that you'd like a shared cab for 1 to Karura Forest.
Yes, that's right. How long will it take? How much does it cost?
It'll take about 30 minutes and cost $6.21. It's on the way.
Okay, thanks a lot.
No worries, anything else?
Nah, that's all thanks.
Okay, see you.
Hello, Please can you check the weather forecast for 7th of this month?
Please may I know in which city you wish to look for?
I wish to look in Nairobi, Kenya.
Okay! as per the forecast, there is a chance of 8 percent rain and the average temperature will be around 86 degrees Fahrenheit.
Thanks. Will it be humidity and windy?
About 23 % it will be humidity and the average wind speed will be around 7 miles per hour.
Thanks for the information. If the climatic condition is good, please can you find me some good attractions there?
Sure, I can find 3 attractions. Do you wish to check out at Giraffe Centre, which is a Nature Preserve?
Seems good. Please can you book a cab for one people to go there?
Sure. Do you prefer to have a shared ride?
Yup, I'm fine with shared rides?
Please can you confirm me that you wish to book a cab for 1 people to reach Giraffe Centre, right?
Yup, that would work.
Okay! Your booking is confirmed and the cab is on the way.
Thanks much for the help. I'm done with.
Have a wonderful day.
Please check the weather on 10th of this month
which city to check?
San Diego please
There is a 1 % chance of rainfall with 87 degrees temperature
ok, and next thursday?
There is a 17 % chance of rainfall with 90 degrees temperature
What will be the wind conditions like and the humidity?
the wind speed is 8 mph and humidity is at 36 %
ok, Find me a theme park there
There is the Belmont park, a theme park
get me a shared cab for 2 there
please confirm: Booking a shared cab for 2 to go to Belmont park
thats right
its booked
whats the cost? and how long is it?
the cost is $15.95 and it will be a 28 minutes ride
thanks
anything else?
No thats it
have a good day
What is the weather supposed to be like on the 10th?
Weather for where?
I was talking about Vancouver, BC
Okay the temperature is expected to reach 68 degrees with a 25 percent chance of showers.
Do you have any information on the humidity or wind speed?
The wind is expected to be 6 miles an hour average and 26 percent humidity.
Thanks, what is there to do there?
Bloedel Conservatory is considered a must see it is a Park.
Super, can you get me cab to there I don't mind ride sharing.
Who is going?
Just 1 person.
Okay you want a shared cab for 1 fare to Bloedel Conservatory, is that correct?
Wait my friend decided to come after all so make the cab for three please.
That will be a shared cab for 3 fares to Bloedel Conservatory is that right now?
That was my request.
The cab is booked and en route.
Thank for everything.
Can I be of any further assistance?
Thanks but you can go now.
Have a nice day.
What will it be like outside in San Francisco on the 11th?
It will be 72 degrees on average with a 7 percent chance of it raining.
What about humidity and wind?
21 percent humidity is forecast and wind will be around 12 mph.
I'd like to check out a museum there.
A museum? You got to see the Cable Car Museum.
Nice. What else. I got to show the kids a good time.
I have a Museum for them, the Children's Creativity Museum.
Nice. Could you hail a cab to get there?
Sure. Is it just you?
No. There are two of us.
How about a shared ride?
Shared is fine.
2 to the Children's Creativity Museum.?
Yes. How long does it take to get there?
About 15 minutes. The car is on the way.
And what will this run me?
$20.97 in total.
OK. Nice job.
Thank you. Enjoy.
I wish to find the weather.
In which city shall I search in?
Search in San Diego.
The temperature is 90 degree Fahrenheit and only 1 % chance of rain.
Okay. I wish to see some attractions there.
Your check out is Balboa Park. It is a park.
Okay. Nice.
Do you need any other help?
I wish to book a cab to go there.
For how many persons?
It is for four persons.
Do you like shared ride?
I am happy with the shared ride
Kindly ensure that, you wish to go to Balboa Park. The shared ride has been booked for 4 persons.
No. I need it for 2 persons.
Kindly ensure that, you wish to go to Balboa Park. The shared ride has been booked for 2 persons.
Okay. It is good. What is the cost?
Your ride has been reserved and it is on its way. The cost is $23.32
Thank you so much for your help.
Do you need any other help?
No, Thank you so much for your help.
Have a fantastic day.
Can you tell me what the weather is expected to be in Paris the 8th of this month.
The temperature should average 78 degrees with a 25 percent chance of rain.
Cool. Can you tell ma about some attractions there?
I found 10 you may like. There's the American Church in Paris, a place of worship.
Is this free?
Yes it is free.
Is it considered child-friendly?
Oh yes, it's a great place for kids.
Okay, I'd like to get a cab to go there, for one. I'm fine with a shared ride.
You would like a shared ride cab for 1 to the American Church in Paris. Is that correct?
Yes, that's it.
Your cab is on its way.
Thanks so much.
Is there anything else you need?
No thanks. I appreciate your help.
Have a wonderful time.
I want to find out what the weather will be on the 12th.
What is the city that you would like to know the weather for?
The city is Pinole.
The average temperature on that day should be 70 degrees Fahrenheit. There will be a 17 percent chance that it will rain.
Okay, what about in Toronto, Ontario on March 10th?
The average temperature on that day should be 73 degrees Fahrenheit and there will be a 26 percent chance of rain.
Okay, thanks for that.
Is there anything else that you would like?
Can you find any other attractions for me there?
You should check out a Tourist Attraction called 3D Toronto sign.
Okay, good. I would like to get a cab there for one person and it's okay if it's a shared ride.
Confirm these details: You would like to go to 3D Toronto sign. You want a cab for 1 person that is a shared ride.
Yes that would be fine. What is the length of the ride and what is the price?
Your ride has been booked and your cab is on the way. The price will be $9.06 and it will take about 9 minutes.
Thanks very much for your help.
Is there anything else you would like help with?
No, thanks very much for the help.
Have a wonderful day!
I want to check the weather in Long Beach, CA on the 2nd.
The average temperature should be around 77 degrees Fahrenheit with a 15 percent chance of rain.
Okay, thanks. I'm also looking for a natural spot attraction there.
I found 1 attraction for you. It is the Nature Preserve Aquarium of the Pacific.
Okay, that sounds good. I'd like to get a cab to get there.
How many people is the cab for? Do you want a shared ride?
It is for 1 person and I am okay with a shared ride.
Okay, confirm the details. You want a shared cab ride for 1 person going to the Aquarium of the Pacific.
Yes, that is correct.
I have booked the cab and it is on the way.
How much does the cab cost? How long is the ride.
The total cost is $10.93 and the ride will take around 25 minutes.
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thank you.
Have a great day!
I'm hoping the weather is ok on the 4th. Can you check the whether in Anaheim on that day?
The temperate for that day should be about 89 degrees Fahrenheit with a 20 percent chance of rain.
Awesome, that's fine.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
What kind of attractions are out there?
I found 10 attractions that you may like. How about Angel Stadium of Anaheim? It's a Sports Venue.
That sounds good. Can you get me a cab there for 1 person?
Sure, is a shared ride ok?
A shared ride is fine.
So you'd like to go to Angel Stadium of Anaheim and you'd like a shared ride for 1 person. Is this correct?
Yes, that sounds good.
Your ride has been booked and should be there shortly.
Thank you, that's all I needed.
Have a wonderful day!
What's the weather suppose to be for the day after tomorrow in Paris, France?
I show the average temperature as 93 degrees with a 6 percent chance of rain.
Oh alright. What kind of attractions can you find for me to do?
There's a great place I can recommend called American Church in Paris, this is a Place of Worship.
Find out if this is a kid friendly venue.
Yes, this place is kid friendly.
Great, what's the phone number please.
I have a phone number listing as 1 40 62 05 00.
Cool beans, are there any other attractions you can recommend?
There is a Theme Park, Aquaboulevard I can recommend.
Okay, that sounds pretty cool. I'm going to need a shared ride over there please set that up.
How many people will be joining you in the ride share.
Just for 1 person, thanks.
Thanks, just need to confirm reserving a rideshare for 1 to go to Aquaboulevard.
Yeah, that will be correct. Find out how much it costs and how long the ride will be?
Your ride is confirmed and is in route. Your ride will be $6.34 and will be an estimated 28 minutes long.
Great, that will be all.
ok, have a great day.
Can you tell me what the weather is expected to be like on the 11th of March?
Where would you like me to check the weather?
Please check the expected weather in New Delhi.
The weather report is estimating the average temperature will be 103 degrees Fahrenheit with a 7 percent chance of rain.
That will be hot. What is the humidity and wind factor expected to be like?
The humidity is around 19 percent and the wind speed is estimated at 10 miles an hour.
I'll be taking my family there. Will you help me located a child-friendly attraction. I prefer a theme park.
A highly recommended and fun theme park is Adventure Island.
I'd like to take a cab there for one person. A shared ride works great.
Please verify you'd like to order a cab for 1 person in a shared ride to Adventure Island.
That is correct. How long will it take to get there?
The reservation is complete and the cab is on the way. The ride is expected to take approximately 18 minutes.
What will be the cost?
The total will be $14.21.
Thank you for your assistance. I'll ask for your help again at a later time.
Have a great time!
Find out what the weather is like in SFO on March 12th.
The weather reads an average temperature of 76 Fahrenheit for the day with a 23 percentage possibility of raining.
What is the humidity like and what is the wind like?
It is about 35 percent humid and wind speed on an average is about 6 miles an hour.
Fine. Can you tell me about the attractions there?
You can choose from 10 attractions. How about the Alcatraz which is a Historical Landmark?
Is there any other attraction?
How about the Alcatraz Island and it is a Historical Landmark?
Get me their contact number.
You can call them at 415-561-4900.
Is this place kid-friendly and will they charge an entrance fee to the attraction?
The place is kid-friendly and there is an entry fee.
Cool. I need a shared cab ride to go there?
How many seats do you want in the cab?
I need the ride for one person only.
So you want a shared cab for 1 person to the Alcatraz Island?
Yeah. How much would I be charged and how many minutes will the ride be?
I have your cab booked and it is en route. You will be charged $10.81 and it will take 31 minutes for the journey.
Thank you very much.
Shall I offer you any other help?
Nope. That is it, thanks!
Have a nice day!
What will the weather in Anaheim, CA be on the 1st of this month?
The average temperature will be 78 degrees Fahrenheit with a 29 percent chance of rain.
I would like to see some free tourist attraction near there.
Pixar Pier is a nearby tourist attraction.
Is this a kid friendly place?
Yes. It is good for kids.
Can I have their number?
Their phone is 714-781-4636.
In also need a cab for 1.
Is a shared ride okay?
Yes. I would like a shared ride?
Please confirm you want me to book a cab for 1 going to the Pixar Pier.
Yep. What's the trip time and what's the total cost?
The ride is $10.85 and the trip will take about 16 minutes. Your ride was booked successfully.
Thanks. That will be all today.
Is there anything else?
That's it. Thanks.
Okay. Have a wonderful day.
I need to see the weather on Friday next week in CDMX
The average temperature there is 102 degrees with a 6 percent chance of rain
Sure, now can you find me some attractions?
There are 10 places including a nice Nature Preserve called Acuario Inbursa
OK, great, I want to find a cab there
Is a shared ride? And for how many?
A shared ride for one is good
Confirming a shared ride for 1 to Acuario Inbursa
Yes, that's fine
Your ride is booked and heading there
How long is the ride there?
It's about 15 minutes
How much is it gonna cost?
It'll be $16.38
Thanks so much
Do you need something else?
No, for now we're all set
Great, good day!
I want to know the weather on the 10th in Long Beach, CA
The temperature will be 75 degree Fahrenheit and 20 % chance of rain.
What about the windy?
The windy speed shall be 11 miles per hour.
Sure. Thanks.I wish to see some attractions which if child friendly.
Your check out Aquarium of the Pacific. It is a Nature Preserve.
Nice. I wish to book a cab to go there.
Do you like shared ride?
I am happy with the shared ride
For how many persons do you need the share ride?
I need it for one person.
Kindly ensure that, you wish to go to Aquarium of the Pacific. The shared ride has been booked for 1 person.
Okay. it is good. How much time the ride will take and what is the cost?
Your ride has been reserved and it is on its way. The cost is $10.93. It will take 25 minutes.
Thank you so much for your help. That is what I need now.
Have a fantastic day.
I need to check the weather in Delhi, India next Monday
The temperature is gonna be 97 degrees with an 8 percent of rain
Sure, can you find me some attractions there too?
How about a theme park like Adventure Island?
OK, now find me a cab there please
Do you want a shared ride? And for how many people?
Just for 1 please
Do you want a shared ride?
I'm ok with that, and it's for 3 people
Confirming you want a shared ride for 3 to Adventure Island
Yes that works, how much does it cost, and how long will that ride take?
It's booked and on the way and will be about an 18 minute trip and will cost $21.39
Thanks so much for that
Do you need something else from me?
No, that's it for now!
Great, have a good one
Assistance, can you tell me the forecast for Seattle, WA?
There is a moderate chance of rain at 32 percent. The temperature will be around 74 degrees Fahrenheit.
Thanks. Can you show me attractions without an entry fee in that area?
There is an interesting Museum called Chihuly Garden and Glass.
That sounds really cool. How about child-friendly attractions?
How about the Columbia Center? It's a Shopping Area that you may be interested in.
I need to know the phone number please.
The Shopping Center's phone number is 206-386-5151.
Okay, that should work fine for me. I'll be needing a cab to get there.
How many people will the cab be for? Also, are you okay with shared rides?
It's only for 1 person and I am very okay with shared rides.
You wish to hire a cab for 1 person to take you to the Columbia Center correct?
Yes, that is correct.
I have hired your cab and it is on the way as we speak.
Nice. Thank you for your help as always.
Do you need anything else today?
No, not right now, but thank you anyway.
Enjoy the rest of your day!
I'm hoping the weather is ok for Friday next week. Can you check for me?
What city should I check the weather in?
Please check in San Rafael.
The forecast for that day should be around 74 degrees Fahrenheit with a 8 percent chance of rain.
Please check the 3rd of March in Philly.
The forecast for that day should be around 85 degrees Fahrenheit with a 21 percent chance of rain.
That's great. Can you find me some attractions there? Preferably a museum.
I recommend the Museum called Barnes Foundation.
What is their contact number? Is there an entrance fee?
You can contact them at 215-278-7000. There will be a cost.
Perfect. Please find me a cab to go there.
How many people will be riding in the cab? Would you like a shared ride?
I'd like a cab for one person. A shared ride is fine.
So you'd like a cab for 1 person to go to Barnes Foundation. It is a shared ride. Is this correct?
That works fine. How long will the ride be? What is the cost?
Your cab should arrive shortly. The price is $13.39 and the ride should take around 18 minutes.
Thank you, that's all I needed.
Have a wonderful day!
I must verify the weather for next Wednesday.
What metropolis do you wish to verify the weather for?
The metropolis is SD.
The mean temperature for that date ought to be 80 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 6 percent likelihood for rain.
What is the humidity level and wind level?
The humidity level is close to 23 percent, while the wind level is 1 mile per hour.
Alright. Could you inform me about attractions nearby, preferably one that is friendly to children and is a natural spot?
I recommend you visit a nature preserve called Birch Aquarium at Scripps Institution of Oceanography.
Can you tell me its contact number, and whether the entry is free?
Its contact number is 858-534-3474. And yes, entrance is free.
Alright, wonderful. I'd like to hail a taxi for one person to head there. I'm fine with sharing a ride.
Please verify the following information: you want a taxi ride for 1 on a shared ride to head to Birch Aquarium at Scripps Institution of Oceanography.
Yeah, that's fine.
Your taxi is reserved and the taxi is coming.
Thank you for your assistance.
Do you require assistance with something else?
No, thank you for your assistance.
Have a pleasant afternoon!
What's my intention for wanting to go to San Diego on the 5th of March during my vacation? No particular reason other than just relax. Would you tell me what weather I'll encounter there?
Happy to help. You can expect the day to average about 84 degrees Fahrenheit and a forecast of just 8 percent rain.
I see. What are the wind and humidity going to be like?
The wind is expected to average 4 miles an hour with humidity about 21 percent.
Great info, and what do you recommend for some fun sights to see there?
You could visit a Park there called Balboa Park, which is just one of the 10 places of interest you might like.
That would be a relaxing thing to do. Can I get a cab ride there?
I can set that up for you. Are you ready to tell me the number of passengers and if a shared ride will work?
Sure, a shared cab is fine if two persons can ride.
Got it. Shall we confirm a shared cab ride for 2 persons going to Balboa Park?
Oh, new info. Looks like it'll be just me, so make that 1 passenger, please.
All right. Shall we confirm a cab ride for 1 person going to Balboa Park?
You can do that now, and what's the travel time?
Your cab is confirmed and should arrive shortly. You'll be on the road for close to 30 minutes.
Good deal. I'm most grateful for that.
Any more information needed at this time?
Great information and easy set up. Nothing else to do right now. Thanks a million.
Of course. Enjoy the rest of your day.
I will be visiting my sister soonest, can you please check the weather for me?
On which city do you want me to check the weather?
Check it in Washington D.C.
Okay, the temperature on that would be 75 degrees Farenheit. And do not forget to bring an umbrella even there's just 13 percent chance of rain.
Thank you! Do you know some attraction there? I want to spend my free time wisely.
How about 56 Signers of the Declaration of Independence Memorial? It is a famous nature preserve.
That's great. I want to be close to the nature. Help me look for a cab for 3 people.
Please check the details; you will go to 56 Signers of the Declaration of Independence Memorial and you need a cab for 3 people. Would you like a shared ride?
Yes, that would work for me. We are not in a hurry.
I have booked a ride for you and its already on its way. It will arrive in 15 minutes.
Thank you so much. You're such a big help.
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
i have a plan to travel . find the weather condition on march 10th in anaheim.
the average temperature for the day should be 76 degrees fahrenheit. there is a 9 percent chance of rain.
ok thats good. find me some attractions places over there? i prefer a playground which is child-friendly.
what about honda center , which is a sports venue?
cool, fine , is there any other attractions as per my interest?
sorry, i could not find any other thing as per your interest. whether i need to find some other thing?
will you try related to theme park?
what about disney california adventure park which is a theme park?
okay great. find a cab to go there? i need it for two people and i prefer a shared ride.
fine. please check and confirm the following details. RIde to disney california adventure park, number of passengers is 2 and it is a shared ride.
ok that works for me. how much does it cost and how long is the ride?
ride is booked and the cab is on its way. it costs $14.93. the ride will last about 30 minutes.
thanks for you immense help and that's all i need.
take care have a wonderful day.
Whats the weather like?
Well, it depends where.
In SD on March 9th.
It should be around 83 degrees with probably no rain, or just a 25 percent chance of it.
What about wind and humidity?
Humidity should be around 40 percent and you don't really have to worry about your hat since wind will likely clock in at 7 mph.
OK. I got to show my kids a good time.
Take them to a park. Try Balboa Park.
OK. Hail me a cab for one there.
1 person to Balboa Park?
Yes. What will that run. How long does it take to get there?
$13.66. Its about a 30 minute ride.
Great. I got everything I need for now.
Excellent. Speak with you later.
I need to check weather on the 5th of March.
Which city would you like to check in?
I need to check in San Francisco.
The average temperature is expected to be 87 degrees Fahrenheit. There is expected to be a 23 percent chance of rain.
How windy is it expected to be?
The average wind speed is expected to be roughly 1 mile per hour.
Okay, and I also need to find attractions that are child-friendly with no entry fee, like a Park.
I would recommend Fort Funston, a Park.
Is there any other recommendation you would have?
Yes, I would recommend Golden Gate Park, a Park.
Okay, what is their phone number?
It is 415-831-2700.
Cool, are there any others you would recommend?
You should see Japanese Tea Garden, it is another Park.
Okay, I need a cab, a shared ride for three people in total.
Please confirm the following: You would like to go to Japanese Tea Garden. The cab is for 3 people. You would like a shared ride. Is this correct?
Yes, that is it.
Your ride is now confirmed and is en route to your location.
Thank you for that.
Is there anything else that I may help you with?
No, thank you.
Of course. Have a wonderful day.
Hey, how's the weather in SF?
It's around 91 degrees with a 29 percent chance of rain.
Thanks. Are there any attractions available there?
Sure, I found 10 attractions. How about Alcatraz? It's a famous historical landmark.
How can I contact them?
You can call them on 415-561-4900.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else?
Yeah, can you get me a shared cab there?
For how many people?
Just one thanks.
Okay, please confirm that you'd like a shared cab for 1 to Alcatraz.
Yeah, that's right.
Okay, your cab is on the way.
Thanks a lot.
No worries, anything else?
No, that's all thanks.
Okay, see you.
What is the weather going to be like on the 13th of this month?
Which city would you like to check.
I need to know the weather in NY.
The average temperature for the day should be 59 degrees. There is a 33 percent chance of rain.
Okay can you find me some attraction?
92nd Street Y is a nice performing arts venue.
Is it child friendly? What's their phone number?
The number is (212) 415-5788. It's not good for kids.
Great I need a cab there please.
How many people will be riding? Is shared okay?
Shared is fine, I need 2 seats.
You want 2 seats to 92nd Street Y in a shared cab, correct?
Yes that's correct.
Your ride is on the way.
How long will it take to get there?
About 20 minutes.
Thanks that is all I need for now.
Okay enjoy yourself!
Hey! Please can you check the weather forecast for Long Beach on 8th of March?
Sure. Its found that there can be 10 percent chance of rain with an average temperature of about 80 degrees Fahrenheit.
Thanks. Please can you suggest me some attractions there?
Sure, I've found 5 attractions that you would prefer to visit. Do you have any idea of visiting Aquarium of the Pacific, which is a Nature Preserve?
Pretty Cool! Please can you suggest me some child-friendly attractions?
Yup, there is a park named Harry Bridges Memorial Park to be visited to have a good time for kids. Do you wish to go here?
Can I have their contact number? Is the entrance free or to be paid?
You can reach them at 562-570-5333 and sorry that you've to pay for the entrance fee.
Thanks. Please do you have any other attractions for I wish to go for some historical spot?
Yup, why don't you visit the Historical Landmark, the Queen Mary?
Sure. Please can you help me to find a shared ride to reach that place?
Sure. How many would be travelling?
Only myself, 1 will be travelling.
Okqy! Please can you confirm me that you wish to have a shared ride for 1 people to reach the place The Queen Mary, right?
Yup, that would work. How much it would come for the ride?
The ride cost will be around $15.07. Your cab is booked and its on the way.
Thanks much for the help.
Do you want me to assist you with anything else?
Nope, thanks much for the help.
Have a wonderful day.
I want to check weather on march 9th in Sacramento.
The average day temperature is running at 92 degrees Fahrenheit and the chances of rain is 23 percent
Fine, what about the weather on the 5th.
The average day temperature is running at 93 degrees Fahrenheit and the chances of rain is 2 percent
Is there windy? What about the humidity?
The wind speed is 12 miles per hour and humidity is 17 percent.
Okay, Fine. Could you show some attractions which is chil-friendly? I am searching for a museum.
I have selected 4 attractions of your choice. One of them is a museum called California Museum.
What about the entry fee? is it free? Can you tell me their contact number?
(916) 653-1771 is the contact number and there is a entry fee.
Okay, fine. Can you book me a cab to go there for three people. For me shared ride is okay.
Please give confirmation details: Your ride to California Museum with shared ride and the cab is for 3 people.
This would be perfect. Can you tell me the ride distance and cost of ride?
Your ride is confirmed and the cab is on its way. The ride distance is 8 minutes and cost of ride is $19.23.
Thank you so much
Have a nice day.
What is the weather forecast in New York on the 14th of this month?
The forecast is predicting an average temperature of 60 degrees Fahrenheit with a 6 % chance of rain.
What are some fun attractions in the area?
There is a popular performing arts venue called 92nd Street Y that comes highly recommended.
Will you book me a shared ride cab to get there?
How many people will be traveling with you?
The cab ride will be for two people.
Please verify that you'd like me to call a cab for 2 people in a shared ride to go to 92nd Street Y.
The cab ride will be for 1 person.
Can you verify the following: You'd like me to call a cab for 1 person to 92nd Street Y.
Yes, that is correct. What will be the total cost, and how long of a ride will this be?
Your ride is successfully booked and the cab will be there shortly. The ride will last about 20 minutes and will cost $12.43.
Thank you kindly for your help. I don't need anything else at this time.
Enjoy the attraction.
Can you look up the weather in Washington D.C. for March 7th?
It will be 81 degrees with a 20 percent chance of rain.
Will it be humid?
It will be about 27 percent humidity
Will it be windy?
Wind speed will be about 2 miles per hour.
Can you find a free attraction, preferably a child friendly historical spot?
Sure. I've found 4 historical landmark attractions. Check out National Academy of Sciences.
What's their number?
(202) 334-2158.
Can you get a cab there for me?
A shared ride? For how many people?
A shared ride is fine. There will be 3 of us.
So a shared ride for 3 people to National Academy of Sciences?
Actually, it will be 2 of us.
So a cab for 2 to National Academy of Sciences?
Yes please. How long is the ride? How much will it be?
Your cab is on the way and the ride should last about 28 minutes. It will be $23.74.
Thanks so much. That'll be all.
Have a good day.
I want to see what the weather will be like on the 1st of this month in Fresno.
The temperature should average 72 degrees for the day and there is only a 2 percent chance of it raining.
How will the wind and humidity be on this day?
The humidity will be around 18 percent and the winds should average around 10 miles per hour.
Okay, thanks. Can you find some attractions for me to go see?
I've found 4 attractions that might interest you. You could check out the Tourist Attraction of Christmas Tree Lane.
Do they have a phone number? Is it kid-friendly?
Their contact number is 559-348-9200. It is a pretty nice place to take your kids to.
Okay, cool.
Is there anything else I could help you with?
I'll need a cab to get out there.
Would you like a shared ride?
Sure, that would be fine for me.
How many people will be riding in this cab?
It is just for one person.
Okay. So, you want a shared cab ride for 1 person to Christmas Tree Lane, correct?
Yes, that's correct. How long does it take to get there?
I've ordered the cab and it's on the way. The ride lasts about 30 minutes.
Okay. Thanks for the help.
Do you need assistance with anything else?
No. Thanks for the help.
Have a wonderful day!
What kind of weather can I expect on the 11th of this month?
Where did you have in mind?
I was thinking about Atlanta.
There is 0 chance of showers with the day's average being 87 Fahrenheit.
Oh well, what about next Friday?
The average for that day is expected to be 79 and a 12 percent chance of rain showers.
I'll keep that in mind. What is there to do there? Are there any place of interest locations?
CNN Studio Tours is an interesting Tourist Attraction.
Yeah, what else can you find?
Mission Escape Atlanta is supposed to be a popular Tourist Attraction.
Really, okay get me a cab ride for 2 so I can go there.
Would you accept a shared ride?
That wouldn't bother me any.
Is this what you are requesting - a shared cab for 2 going to Mission Escape Atlanta?
You got it.
The cab is ready and on its way.
How long is the ride there? What is it going to set me back?
Once you get in the cab it should get you there in 11 minutes at a cost of $8.65.
You can go now thanks for helping with that.
Have a superb day.
Hi I have plans today so I'm hoping the weather is ok. Can you check for me?
Which city should I check the weather in?
Please check in Chicago.
The forecast today should be about 73 degrees Fahrenheit with a 29 percent chance of rain.
Can you also check for the 7th of this month?
The forecast for that day should be around 74 degrees Fahrenheit with a 23 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity supposed to be? Will it be windy?
The humidity prediction for that day is around 30 percent. The wind speed should also be about 14 miles per hour.
What kind of attractions are out there? Preferably something for kids. Any type of attraction is fine.
360 CHICAGO is supposed to be a good Tourist attraction.
Awesome. I need to book a cab to go there for four people.
Would you like a shared ride?
A shared ride is fine with me.
So you'd like a cab for 4 people to go to 360 CHICAGO. It is a shared ride. Is that correct?
Yes, that works fine. How much will the cost be?
Your ride is booked and should be there shortly. The cost in total is $35.44.
How long will the ride be?
The ride should take around 8 minutes.
Thanks for your help, that's all I needed.
Have a wonderful day!
I want to know the weather in Sydney on next Monday. My mother will go there.
There's a 7 % chance of rain that day and the average temperature is at 96 degrees.
Thanks, how about March 6th in San Fran. I will go there on that day.
Low chance of rain at 3 % and the average temperature is at 72 degrees.
Is it that windy or how humid it is? I want to know so that I could plan my itinerary.
Humidity is at 16 % and the wind speed is at 12 miles per hour.
Okay, that is noted. Can you help me find an attraction without an entre fee? I would like to visit a child friendly garden.
There are 5 attraction that I could suggest to you. You may check the Fort Funston, it a park.
Do you know their contact number?
Yes, you may reach them at 415-561-4700.
Thanks! I will be calling them soon. And what are the other attractions that you know?
Golden gate Park, a park that you should visit too.
Yes, I heard its beautiful there. I need a cab to visit it, for 2 people please.
Do you prefer a shared ride?
Yes, make it for 1 person. Ill just meet my friend there.
Okay, booking for 1 person a cab ride to Golden gate Park.
Yes, that's right. How much is it?
It is for $11.78 and its already on its way to you.
Okay, thank you so much! That's all for now.
Sure. Have a nice day.
Hello! Please can you tell me how the weather will be for tomorrow?
Please can I've the zip code or city in which you are looking for?
I'm looking for New York.
Okay! I can see that there is 29 % chance of rain and the average temperature will be around 57 degrees Fahrenheit.
Is it gonna be windy or humidity?
About 26 % its gonna to be humidity and the wind speed will be 6 miles per hour on an average.
Thanks. Please can you find some attractions like Museum which would be child-friendly there?
Sure, do you wish to visit American Folk Art Museum for its a good Museum that one visit here.
Might be... Do you have any other attractions?
Yup, how about the Museum, American Museum of Natural History?
Okay. Still do you have some other which would be entry free.
Yup, I've found 9 such attractions for you. Do you wish to visit the Museum, Brooklyn Children's Museum?
Please can I've their contact number?
Sure, they are reachable at 718-735-4400.
Thanks much. Please can you book a cab to go over there?
Sure. Are you looking for a shared ride? For how many people are you looking for?
Yup, I'm looking for a shared ride for 1 person.
Okay! Please can you confirm me that you wish to have a shared ride for 1 person to reach Brooklyn Children's Museum, right?
Yup, that would work. So, how long will be the ride?
It will take around 13 minutes. Your cab is booked and its on the ay.
Please may I know how much it would cost for the travel?
It will cost $6.74.
Thanks much for the help. I'm done with.
Have a good day.
I would like to check the weather please.
What city are we weather checking?
Long Beach, CA please.
The average temp is 80 degrees with a 17 percent chance of rain.
What about for March 12th?
I am showing the average temp to be 90 degrees with a 26 percent chance of rain.
Thanks for that information.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can you show me some attractions there.
You should check out the Aquarium of the Pacific, this is a Nature Preserve.
Great, but I still want to hear more options please.
There is a park I can recommend, Harry Bridges Memorial Park.
Is this a child friendly park?
Yes, this place definitely is child friendly.
Cool stuff. I am going to need a cab to get there. Go ahead and set that up for me.
Ok, would a shared ride be ok? How many people will be riding?
Just one for now and yes let's do a shared ride.
alright, please confirm 1 person requesting a shared ride to Harry Bridges Memorial Park. Is that correct?
Yes, that's right. How long will the ride take?
Your ride is confirmed and in route. Your ride will be roughly 26 minutes.
Thank you for that.
your welcome. Can i assist with anything else?
Nope, that was all. Good bye.
alright, good bye.
check weather march 3rd fresno
77 degrees 18 percent rain
how humid though?
31 percent rain 8 miles per hour
historical landmark area
forestiere underground gardens historical landmark
okay good then
how many people?
It's for 1
want a shared ride?
I am good
forestiere underground gardens 1 person
how much is it?
$10.26 for 24 minutes
thanks a lot
anything else for you?
no thank you
have a good one
check weather on the 12th
what city then?
next monday chicago
65 degrees 35 percent rain
sure that works
360 chicago tourist attraction
I want a cab there
want a shared ride?
It's for one
360 chicago for 1
yes that works
ride is 8 minutes
thanks a lot
anything else then?
no thank you
have a good one
I am going to SD soon. Can you check the weather in there?
The temperature should be around 90 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
That sounds nice. What attractions are there? What is fun to do?
There are 10 attractions you could go to. There is a park you might like, Balboa Park.
Sounds good. I need to get a cab to go there, it is fine if it is a shared ride.
For how many people?
For just 2 people.
Please confirm: Getting a shared ride cab for 2 people to go to Balboa Park.
Make it for 3 people.
Please confirm: Getting a shared ride cab for 3 people to go to Balboa Park.
That is correct.
The car is on its way.
Thanks a lot for everything.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that would be all for now.
Have a great day.
Check to weather for the 3rd of this month.
For what city?
Duncans Mills
It will be 93 degrees with a 20 percent chance of rain.
How about on the 5th of this month?
It will be about 90 degrees with a 1 percent chance of rain.
How about in Mexico city?
It will be 87 degrees with a 3 percent chance of rain.
Can you find attractions in the area?
If you are interested in a nature preserve, check out Acuario Inbursa.
That sounds great. Can you order me a shared cab ride for 2?
To confirm, you'd like a shared ride for 2 people to Acuario Inbursa?
Yes please. How much is it?
It's $14.28. Your cab is on the way.
Thanks so much.
Have a good day.
I have a couple trips coming up. Can you check what the weather will be like at Muir Beach on the 10th of this month?
Sure, looks like the average temperature will be 92 degrees Fahrenheit with a 22 percent change of rain.
Ok, great. Can you also check the weather in Ciudad de Mexico on the 6th of March?
Sure, it'll be an average of 95 degrees Fahrenheit with a 4 percent chance of rain.
Ok, that's alright. Can you look up what attractions there are to do while I'm there?
Sure, if you're interested in seeing a nature preserve, Acuario Inbursa looks pretty nice.
Cool, I might go see that. Is there a museum there I could visit?
Sure, there is a pretty popular museum called Arte Carrillo Gil Museum. Are you interested in that?
Maybe - is it child-friendly and free entry?
Yes, it's definitely child-friendly but not free entry unfortunately.
Ok, that's fine.
Anything else I can do for you?
Yeah, can you call me a cab for 2 people to go there? A shared ride is fine.
Ok. To confirm, you want a shared ride for 2 people to go to Arte Carrillo Gil Museum, right?
No, actually, just make it for one.
Ok, to confirm, you want a cab for 1 person to Arte Carrillo Gil Museum, right?
Yes, that's right.
Ok, your cab is on its way.
Great, thanks for your help.
Sure, anything else I can do?
No, that's all. Thanks.
No problem. Have a good day.
I want to check the weather.
What city are you checking the weather for?
I want to find the weather in Sydney, NSW.
The temperature should be 94 degrees Fahrenheit and a 4 percent chance of rain.
What's the wind going to be like?
The wind speed will be 2 miles per hour.
Okay, what are some attractions? I want to find a wildlife spot without an entry fee.
Featherdale Wildlife Park is a nature preserve.
Sounds good. I want to find a cab there.
Do you want to find a shared ride?
A shared ride is fine.
How many people?
Just one person.
Please confirm: a shared ride for 1 person to Featherdale Wildlife Park.
Yes, sounds good.
Your ride was book and is on the way.
How much is it?
The cost is $9.60.
How long will the ride take?
The ride will be 18 minutes.
Thanks so much.
Anything else I can do?
No, thank you.
Have a good day.
What would the weather be like on the 12th of this month?
In which city?
In atlanta, GA.
It would be 78 degrees fahrenheit with a 19 percent chance of rain.
How windy would it be?
The average wind speed is expected to be 9 miles per hour.
Great. What fun places can I visit when I get there?
There is a park called atlanta botanical garden.
What is the number and is there an entry fee?
The number is 404-876-5859 and there is no entry fee.
That sounds boring. Is there somewhere else I could go?
There is a museum called atlanta history center.
Ok, but still boring. Is there somewhere more exciting where I could take my kids?
There are 8 interesting locations you might like to visit. There is a museum called bodies the exhibition.
That certainly sounds exciting. I would need a shared ride to get there.
For how many persons?
Just one person.
You want a shared ride for 1 to bodies the exhibition?
I need a ride for three people.
You would like a cab for 3 heading to bodies the exhibition?
That is exactly what I would need.
The cab will arrive shortly.
Thanks a lot.
Would there be anything else?
No. Thanks very much.
Enjoy your day.
I will be visiting my sister on Morgan Hill on the 12th, can you please check the weather for me?
Sure, there's a 10 % chance of rain on that day and the average temperature is at 87 degrees.
That's not so cold, how about in Nairobi, Kenya?
There's a 9 percent chance of rain and the average temperature is 103 degrees.
Thanks! That's so helpful. Can you find me some attractions, a wildlife spot I think that is child- friendly.
There's a Giraffe Centre which is a Nature Preserve.
Thanks! I want to visit that now, I want a cab going there.
Would you like a shared ride?
Yes, that would work for me. I am not in a hurry.
For how many people is this booking?
Just for me, 1 person. I will just check it before I bring my kids.
Okay, check the details please; you are going to Giraffe Centre and you need a cab for 1 person.
Yes, how much will it cost? I don't have a big money with me.
Booking is successful. It costs $11.77.
Alright. Thanks! That's all I need. Bye!
Sure. You're welcome. Have a good day!
I will be going to Philadelphia and would like to know the weather on March 10th.
The temperature should be around 91 degrees Fahrenheit and around 4 percent chance of rain.
How will the humidity be?
It will be around 17 percent.
Sounds nice. Do you know what things are there to do in there? I want something like a Museum.
There are 10 possible things you might like to visit. There is a museum for you, Barnes Foundation.
How can I contact them?
Their phone number is 215-278-7000.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need to get a cab to go there. It is just for one person.
Do you want a shared ride?
It is okay if it is a shared ride.
Please confirm: Getting a shared ride cab for 1 person to go to Barnes Foundation.
I think some friends will come with me. Make it for 4 people.
Please confirm: Getting a shared ride cab for 4 people.
Thanks a lot. How long will it take to get there/
The can is on its way. It will get 18 minutes to get to your destination.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nothing else, that would be all for now.
Have a great day.
Hello, Please can you check the weather forecast for SF on March 11th?
Sure. It's found that there can 7 % chance of rain and the average temperature will be around 72 degrees Fahrenheit.
Thanks for the information.Please can you help me to find some child-friendly attractions over there without an entry fee.
Sure. Do you've any idea of visiting Aquarium of the Bay, a Nature Preserve?
Yup. Can I've their contact number?
Sure, you can reach them at 415-623-5300.
Okay! Please can you book a shared ride for one people to reach there?
Sure. Please can you confirm me that you wish to have a shared ride for 1 people to go to Aquarium of the Bay, right?
Yup, sounds good. What would be the ride cost and how long is the travel?
The ride cost will be $10.81 and it will take about 23 minutes. Your cab is confirmed and its on the way.
Thanks much for the help.
Do you want me to assist you with anything else?
Nope thanks much for the help.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you tell me what the weather will be like in Los Angeles on the 12th?
The average temperature will be 77 degrees Fahrenheit with a 27 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy?
The wind speed will be 9 miles per hour.
Okay. Thanks. What attractions are near there?
Angels Flight Railway is a historical Landmark near there.
Great. I need a cab to take me there.
Is a shared ride okay and for how many?
I don't mind a shared ride. I will need it for four.
Please confirm you want me to book a shared ride for 4 to the Angels Flight Railway.
No. It's only for 1.
Please confirm you want me to book a cab for 1 to Angels Flight Railway.
Yes. that's correct.
Your ride has been successfully booked.
That's all for now.
Okay. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
I am very interested in knowing about the weather in Vegas.
You will have temperature averaging 84 degrees Fahrenheit and there is an 18 percent possibility of raining.
Alright. I need to find out about attractions that I can visit whilst I am there?
How do you like the DISCOVERY Children's Museum? It is a nice Museum.
That is nice. Get me a cab to reach that place.
Shall I look for a shared ride?
Yeah I am fine with shared ride.
How many of you will take the cab?
I am just one person travelling.
So you will go to DISCOVERY Children's Museum and you are just 1 person who needs a shared ride?
Yeah that is correct. What is journey time and what will I be charged?
I have your cab booked and it will be here. The charges are $11.24 and the journey will last about 28 minutes.
Thank you, that is all I needed.
Have a wonderful day!
What's the weather going to be like this Saturday in Chi-town?
The average temperature on that day is expected to be 61 degrees Fahrenheit with a 33 percent chance of rain.
Okay, how windy is it supposed to be?
Average wind speed for that day is expected to be around 6 MPH.
Okay, thanks. What attractions around there can you find for me?
I found 10 attractions you might be interested in. How about visiting the popular tourist attraction 360 CHICAGO?
Alright, that sounds interesting. Can you get me a cab to take me there?
Sure, how many people do you need it for and are you okay with a shared ride?
I need a cab for 2 people and, yeah, I'm fine with a shared ride.
Okay, so you want to order a shared cab ride for 2 people to take you to 360 CHICAGO, right?
Yup, that's right.
Your cab has been booked and is on its way now.
Cool, thanks a lot!
Of course. Anything else you need help with?
Nope, that's all I needed, thanks!
No problem, have a nice day.
I have a day off and was thinking about going on a day trip. Can you check what the weather is like in Toronto, Ontario?
Sure, it looks like it'll be an average of 58 degrees Fahrenheit with a 13 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy?
Not too bad, looks like an average of 9 miles per hour.
Ok, that's fine. Can you look up some free and child-friendly attractions do to there? I'd like to visit a shopping district.
Sure, St. Lawrence Market is a pretty popular shopping area. How about that?
Yeah, that sounds great. Can you call me a cab to get there? It'll be for three people and a shared ride is fine.
Ok. To confirm, you want a shared ride for 3 people to St. Lawrence Market, right?
No, actually, the others can meet me there. Just get it for 1 person.
Ok. To confirm, you want a shared ride for 1 person, right?
Yes, that's good.
Ok, I've booked your ride and it's on its way.
Great, thanks for your help.
Sure, anything else I can do?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Ok, have a good day!
I must verify the weather in Los Angeles.
The mean temperature for the date ought to be 76 degrees fahrenheit. There's a 28 percent likelihood of raining.
Okay, alright. Could you tell me about attractions nearby?
There are 10 attractions that you may like. I recommend the historical landmark Angels Flight Railway.
Can you tell me their contact number, and whether it's friendly to children?
The contact number is 213-626-1901, and no, the place is not friendly to children.
Alright, good. I'd liek to take a taxi to travel there.
How many passengers does the taxi have?
The taxi is for one person.
Would you like share a ride?
I'm alright with sharing rides.
Please verify the following information: you'd like a taxi for 1 person on a shared ride to head to Angels Flight Railway.
Yeah, that's fine with me.
your taxi is reserved and is coming.
Thank you for your aid, that's all.
Have a wonderful afternoon!
Can you check the weather on the 3rd of March
What city do you want to check?
Let's look in Fresno
It'll be 77 degrees with an 18 percent chance of rain
Sure, now can you find me some attractions there?
You should check out Christmas Tree Lane, a great Tourist Attraction
Is it free entrance? And what's their phone number?
Entry is free, and their number is 559-348-9200
Great, I want a cab please, for 4 people
Do you want a shared ride?
I'm OK with a shared ride
Confirming you want a shared cab for 4 to Christmas Tree Lane
Yes please, how much is it, and how long is the ride?
Your ride is on the way and will cost you $33.92. The ride will last around 30 minutes
Thanks for that, that's all I need at the moment
OK, thanks so much
Can you help me check the weather on the 14th in Sydney, NSW
The average temperature is 100 Degrees and a 2 percent chance of rain
How humid is it gonna be?
It's around 16 percent humidity
How windy is it gonna be?
The average wind speed will be around 8 miles per hour
OK, sure. Now find me a nice museum to visit please
There's a really popular museum called the Art Gallery of New South Wales
It it free entrance?
Yes, it's free
What's their number? And is it kid friendly?
It is a great place for kids, and reach out to them at 2 9225 1700
OK, thanks so much
What else can I do for you?
I want to get a cab there, shared rides are ok
How many people do you need in the cab
Just for me, so just 1
OK so a shared ride for 1 to the Art Gallery of New South Wales
Yup, that's perfect
Your ride is booked and on the way
Thanks so much for your help
What else can I do?
Nothing right now, thanks
You're very welcome
Hi, could you get me a restaurant booking on the 8th please?
Any preference on the restaurant, location and time?
Could you get me a reservation at P.f. Chang's in Corte Madera at afternoon 12?
Please confirm your reservation at P.f. Chang's in Corte Madera at 12 pm for 2 on March 8th.
Sure, that is great.
Sorry, your reservation could not be made. Could I help you with something else?
Could you try booking a table at Benissimo instead?
Sure, please confirm your reservation at Benissimo Restaurant & Bar in Corte Madera at 12 pm for 2 on March 8th.
Sure, may I know if they have vegetarian options and how expensive is their food?
Your reservation has been made. Unfortunately, they do not serve vegetarian options, although they are moderate priced.
I see, thanks alot!
No worries, could I further assist you?
No, that is all. Thank you!
Have a great day ahead!
Can you book a table for me at the Ancient Szechuan for the 11th of this month at 11:30 am?
In which city are you trying to book the table?
Can you book a table at the Butterfly restaurant in San Francisco?
Please confirm that you need a table for 2 at the Butterfly Restaurant in San Francisco at 11:30 am on March 11th.
That's perfect. What cuisine do they offer?
Your table has been booked successfully and they serve Asian cuisine.
Can you get me the user rating of the restaurant? Is it expensive?
Their prices are moderate and they have a user rating of 4.0.
Thanks a bunch!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No. Thank you. That's all I need.
Have a great day!
Can you check restaurants in Pacifica, I'm looking to make a reservation.
Is there a particular restaurant you want? What time did you want the reservation?
See if you can get one at Puerto 27 for 1:15 pm.
To verify: You would like a reseravation at Puerto 27 in Pacifica for 1:15 pm on March 1st for 2.
Yes that's right.
Your table is reserved.
Thanks so much. That's all I need for now.
Have a great day.
I need to book a dinner reservation for a date. Help me reserve a table at a restaurant.
What time and location do you have in mind?
Something around 8 in the night should be fine. Oh, and look in the San Jose area.
Do you have a specific restaurant in mind?
Let's try booking a table at Little Hunan.
You wish to reserve a table for 2 at Little Hunan in San Jose on March 1st at 8 pm. Is that correct?
It sure is. Please make the reservation right away.
I was not able to process your reservation. I apologize for any inconvenience.
Okay. Try booking a table at Little Hunan again but make it at a quarter past 5 in the evening.
Booking a table at Little Hunan located in San Jose. The reservation is for 2 people on March 1st at 5:15 pm. Is that right?
That's correct. Let's hope the reservation goes through this time.
I was unable to book your table with those details. If you like, I can make a reservation for you at Little Hunan on March 1st at 5 pm for 2 people.
Really? That'll work just fine. Please try that.
I have made your reservation and successfully reserved your table.
At last. Thank you so much. Before I let you go, can you tell me the restaurant's user rating?
The user rating for Little Hunan is 3.9.
Are there any vegetarian dishes available at that restaurant?
I apologize but they do not have vegetarian dishes.
That's alright. Thanks for the information.
My pleasure. What else do you require?
Oh nothing. Booking the table was all I needed. Thanks again.
Have a wonderful evening.
Can you book a reservation for a restaurant at this evening 5:30?
At which restaurant would you like to make a reservation?
See if you can get a table at Mi Zacatecas.
In which location is Mi Zacatecas?
It's in American Canyon.
Please confirm the following: Book 1 table at Mi Zacatecas Family Restaurant in American Canyon for 2 at 5:30 pm on March 1st.
Confirm. Can you tell me what type of food they serve there?
The reservation has successfully been made. They serve Mexican food.
Great, that will be all.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I need to book a table at a restaurant.
At which time would you like to reserve it for?
I want it at 1:15 in the afternoon, please.
In which location would you like it? What is the restaurant name?
I need a table at Saap Ver, in San Francisco.
Please confirm the following information: Book a table at Saap Ver, in San Francisco at 1:15 PM on the day of March 1st. This is for a party of 2, correct?
Yes, that is everything. Address?
Sorry, but the reservation could not be placed. Is there anything else to help with?
No, but thanks.
Of course. Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking to book a table. Can you try Triptych in SF?
Of course, what time would you prefer?
Give me 6:15 in the evening please.
Here's what I heard: 2 people for a table at triptych in San Francisco at 6:15 pm on March 1st.
No, wrong. Give me Friday next week instead.
Sure, I have booking table at Triptych on March 8th.
No, one more time. One person.
I have March 8th 1 person.
Yes, that's a winner thanks. Do they have vegetarian options?
Well, good news bad news. First they DO have vegetarian options at Triptych. Bad news, no availability at your preferred time. How about March 8th at 6 pm for 1?
No, that will not do.
Sorry about that, have a good day.
I would like to make a reservation at a restaurant for half past 1 in the afternoon.
In which restaurant would you like a table?
I would like a table at Left Bank.
In which location would you like?
I would like a restaurant in Larkspur.
Booking a table at Left Bank Larkspur Brasserie in Larkspur for 2 people on March 1st at 1:30 pm.
Yes, that reservation is good.
Your reservation was made.
Thank you for your assistance.
Have a good day.
I need to make a reservation for a restaurant in Oakland. The reservation should be for next Wednesday at 6:45 pm.
Which restaurant would you like me to make a reservation for?
Can you book me a table at Mcdonald's?
Please confirm: Reserve 1 table at Mcdonald's in Oakland for 2 people on March 6th at 6:45 pm.
That is correct. How expensive is the restaurant and does it have outdoor seating?
Your reservation has been made. It is a cheap restaurant. It does not have outdoor seating.
Thank you.
Can I assist you with anything else?
No thanks.
Enjoy your day.
I want to make a restaurant reservation.
What's the name of the restaurant and what time would you like the reservation?
It's name is La Hacienda and I want the reservation for 2 o"clock in the afternoon.
And where is the restaurant located?
It's in Cloverdale.
I'll make a reservation for La Hacienda Mexican Restaurant in Cloverdale for March 1st at 2 pm for 2 people, is that good for you?
Yeah,that's good. What's the user rating of the restaurant?
I'm sorry, but the reservation couldn't be completed. Is there anything else you need?
No, thanks a lot.
You're welcome, have a fine day.
I am trying to book a dinner reservation in San Fran for one. Can you try booking a table at Lers Ros?
What time would you like me to make a reservation for?
If you could, please make the reservation for 12:15 in the afternoon.
Confirm the following about your reservation: I am booking a table for Lers Ros Thai in San Francisco. The reservatin is on March 1st at 12:15 pm for 1 person. Is this acceptable?
That will work just fine.
I was unable to make a reservation with these details. I can book a table at Lers Ros Thai on March 1st at 12 pm for 1 person. Is that okay?
No that's all the help I needed. Thanks.
You are welcome. Have a great rest of your day.
I want to book a table at a restaurant in Danville please
Do you have a particular restaurant in mind?
Yeah actually, can you try Lotus for me
For what time do you want to go?
Let's do it before lunch at 11:45
Confirming that you want a table for 2 at 11:45 am on March 1st at the Lotus Thai Restaurant in Danville?
Yes that's all correct
Sorry I couldn't book that one, do you want me to try for 12 pm on March 1st instead? Still for 2 at Lotus Thai Restaurant
Yes please do that
That one worked! It's booked!
Is it cheap over there? Also give me their address
It's in the moderate price range, so not so bad. And find them at 115 Hartz Avenue
OK, thanks that's it for now
Enjoy your meal there!
My boss from headquarters is coming to town and I would like to treat him and his wife to dinner. Can you help me find a restaurant in San Francisco with available seating for four people, next Tuesday?
That shouldn't be a problem. Is there a specific time you had in mind?
Yes, a general dinner time is fine, so let's try to book a table for 6:30 pm.
Okay, and what about the venue, Is there a particular restaurant you want me to search for first?
Yes, I'm told that Aq is very good. Let's try that one first.
No problem, before I check into reservations, let me just make sure that the details I have are correct. You would like a table for 4 at Aq, located in San Francisco, on March 5th, at 6:30 pm. Is that right?
No, I'm sorry, I forgot he is not bring his wife so lets book a table for 3 at Ming's instead.
Okay, I've changed those details to a table for 3 at Ming's Diner. Is that correct?
Perfect, and can you also tell me the the establishment's rating as well?
The rating of the restaurant I was able to confirm your reservation for is 4.0.
Great, I believe that will be all fr now. Thanks!
My pleasure, enjoy the rest of your day!
Help me to find hotel in Petaluma to book a table at evening 7:30.
Do you have any particular restaurant to choose?
yeah, get me at Cattlemens.
Then please confirm, you need a table for 2 people in Cattlemens in Petaluma at 7:30 pm on March 1st.
Good, thats all.
It is booked.
Shall I get veg food there. What is their phone number?
No, you won't get veg. Their address is 5012 Petaluma Boulevard North.
Great service, thank you.
Do you need any other help?
No, thats all.
Have a great day.
Can you help me book a table at Thai Chili on March 11th? Please find restaurants in Santa Clara.
What time do you prefer?
I want 5:45 in the evening.
Okay, you want to book a table for 2 people at Thai Chili Cuisine in Santa Clara on March 11th at 5:45 pm. Please confirm.
Yes, that's good.
Sorry, I fail to make a reservation. Thai Chili Cuisine is a good restaurant, do you want me to book a reservation for 2 again on March 11th at 6 pm?
Yes, that's fine.
Your booking is now confirmed!
Thanks a lot.
You are welcome!
Could you look at restaurants for me to reserve a table?
Sure! Where would you like me to search? Is there a particular restaurant?
How about Chianti Cucina in Novato.
Okay, what time would you like to reserve?
For 4:45 pm please.
Okay, please confirm the details: one table in Novato at restaurant Chianti Cucina for 4:45 pm on March 1st. Reservation is for 2.
Yes, perfect. Book it please. Is there any outdoor seating there? What kinds of foods do they have?
They have Italian. Unfortunately, there is no outdoor seating. It looks like I will be unable to make the reservation for that time at Chianti Cucina. How about reserving a table for 2 people on March 1st at 5 pm
Yes please.
Your table has been reserved.
Thanks so much. That's all.
You're welcome, have a wonderful day.
I want to book a table for 4 people on March 10th in Petaluma.
On what restaurant you want to be and at what time?
Try please at Izakaya Kitaru.At 17:30 will be very good for me.
Book a table at Izakaya Kitaru in Petaluma for 4 people at 5:30 pm on March 10th.Is that okay for you?
Yes is okay.Outdoor seating are available?
The reservation was made.Outdoor seating is not available.
Tell me the phone number and the address.
707-789-9068 is the phone number and the address is 212 Western Avenue.
Thanks for the help. That's what I wanted for the moment.
Have a great day!
Can you book a table at a restaurant for me?
What is the location and time for the booking?
I am looking for restaurants in Mountain View for the reservation at seven pm.
What is the name of your preferred restaurant?
I would like to go with Sushi 85.
Please confirm: You want me to book a table for 2 people at Sushi 85 located Mountain View at 7 pm on March 1st.
Okay, That sounds great! Find me the address please.
I have successfully booked the table and the address is 1350 Grant Road.
Can you find me their phone number?
You can call them on 650-965-8898.
Okay, Thank you for the help!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. That will be all. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day!
I need to reserve a table at a restaurant in SF for 7 pm.
What restaurant do you want to reserve a table at?
Can you reserve a table at Regent?
Please confirm: Reserve a table at Regent Thai in San Francisco for 2 people on March 1st at 7 pm.
That is correct.
Your reservation has been confirmed.
Thanks, that is all.
Enjoy your day.
I'd like to make a reservation at a restaurant.
Is there a specific restaurant you'd like to make the reservation for?
It's a restaurant called Amalfi, please try that.
Where is the restaurant located and what time do you want the reservation for?
I want it for 5:30 in the evening and it should be in Larkspur.
I'll make you a reservation at Amalfi in Larkspur for 5:30 pm on March 1st for 2 people. Is that correct?
Yeah, that sounds awesome.
I've booked the reservation.
Thanks a lot. That's it for now.
Have an excellent rest of your day.
Can you help me to book a table at a restaurant for 2 people at evening 6:30
Is there any choice of restaurant you want to book?
Would you kindly book the table at Mcdonalds?
In which place you want me to search?
Search restaurants in Morgan Hill and it is for next monday
Please give the confirmation details:your table booking at Mcdonalds in the city Morgan Hill on march 4th for 2 people at 6:30 pm.
Okay..this is cool
Your booking is confirmed.
Is there outdoor seating in that restaurant and can i know the phone number
There is no outdoor seating and telephone number is 408-779-8182.
This is cool..thanks a lot.
Have a nice day.
I would like to reserve a table for 1 at La Briciola tomorrow morning 11.
What city should I search?
Search in SFO, please.
You would like to reserve a table for 1 at La Briciola in San Francisco on March 1st at 11 am, is this correct?
No, please make it a table for 3.
Please confirm, you would like the reservation for 3 people in San Francisco.
Yes, that sounds great. What type of food do they serve?
It is an Italian restaurant. Sorry, I was unable to reserve the time you selected. Would you like to reserve a table for 3 at La Briciola on March 1st at 11:30 am?
That sounds fine.
Your reservation is successful.
Thank you, I'm all set.
Have a great day!
Can you find me a restaurant table for 3 people in Alameda, please?
What time would you like a reservation?
I'd like it for 11:30 in the morning on March 13th. It'll just be one person dining.
Do you want a particular restaurant?
How about Cafe Jolie?
Please confirm: reserve a table for Cafe Jolie in Alameda for 11:30 am on March 13th. The reservation will be for 1 person.
Yes, that's perfect.
I've successfully confirmed your reservation.
Thank you very much!
Will that be all?
Yes, that's everything for today.
Have a nice day!
Looking to book a table at the Academy bar?
Which location to look in and at what time?
Find in San Fran at 19:00
Please confirm: Booking a table for 2 at the Academy Bar and Kitchen in San Francisco at 7 pm on March 1st.
Yes, thats right
it is done
Any vegetarian options there?
yes, there are good options
thanks a lot
any thing else?
no, thanks again
have a great day!
I need to book a table at a nice restaurant.
Sure thing, what are the specifics? Time, place and which restaurant?
I kinda want to eat at Namu Gaji at one pm, the branch in SFO
Just confirming you want me to search for a 1 pm reservation for 2 people on March 1st at the Namu Gaji in San Francisco yes?
Yup that's right. Can you check how pricey it is and what their user rating is?
Sure, they are in the moderate price range and have a 4.3 average user rating, however I was unable to book your table for 2 at Namu Gaji. Do you want me to try for March 1st at 12:30 pm instead?
No, I'm not available then
Can I try something else for you?
No, not right now, thanks for your assistance
My pleasure, let me know if I can do anything else for you
I want to reserve a restaurant table for 1 at 1 in the afternoon.
What restaurant would you like the table at? Where should I look for it?
I'd like a table at Yin Keng. Look in Windsor.
A table for 1 at Yin Keng Restaurant in Windsor at 1 pm on March 1st. Is this correct?
That's it. Do they have vegetarian meals? Where is the restaurant?
Your reservation has been made. They have vegetarian meals. The address is 8840 Lakewood Drive.
Thanks for your help.
Do you need anything else?
No, that is all.
Have a nice day.
Please book one table at Tandoori Mahal at 12:30 in the afternoon. The date is 13th of this month.
What is the location sir?
I am looking for one in San Francisco.
Look through your request. You need a table at Tandoori Mahal Indian Restaurant in San Francisco at 12:30 pm on March 13th. There will be 2 people, right?
Fine, what about food category.
You will get Indian food. Your booking confirmed.
Get me their phone number. What is their rating?
Contact them on 415-951-0505. they have 3.4 rating.
Good service, thank you.
Have a great day.
I want to have a table booked for me at a restaurant, because I want to have a meal.
Can you tell me the restaurant you are interested to have a table booked at?
Can you check if you can make a booking of a table at Castle Rock?
Can you tell me the time that you want to have the table booked for you?
I prefer to have the booking be made for 12:00.
Is there a specific location you are looking for?
I am interested in restaurants which are located in Livermore.
Can you please confirm that you want to book a table for 2 people at Castle Rock Restaurant in Livermore, and that you want the table to be booked for you for 12 pm on March 1st?
That is not right. Could you please see if you can make a booking at Mcdonald's?
Can you please confirm that you want to have a table booked for you on March 1st at Mcdonald's?
I don't want that either. See if you can find me restaurants in Pittsburg.
Can you please confirm that you want to have a table booked for you at 12 pm in the city of Pittsburg?
Yes that suits me well. Could you inform me about the fact how expensive is the restaurant?
Your requested booking has been made, and the restaurant is considered as cheap.
I appreciate it very much. That would be all.
Have a wonderful day.
I'd like to book a table for 1 this sunday somewhere in half moon bay.
Which restaurant? And what time should the booking be for?
Could you find something at Miramar Beach, quarter past 11 in the morning?
Please confirm: You want to book a tale at the Miramar Beach Restaurant in Half MOon bay at 11:15 am on march 3rd for 1.
Exactly. What is their address, and what's the user rating?
Their address is 131 mirada road, and they have a rating of 4.2 Sorry, I couldn't make that reservation at the Miramar Beach restaurant, however, they have an opening for 1 on march 3rd at 11:30 am, would that work?
Yes.
Your reservation was successful.
Thank you so much.
Do you need anything else?
Nope! Thank you!
You're very welcome, have a good day.
I would like to take this girl I like out for a casual meal on the 3rd of this month, when I get paid so something around eleven am would be perfect. Can you help me locate a restaurant in Palo Alto?
Not a problem, is there a specific restaurant you had in mind?
Yes, I've heard really good things about a restaurant called Lotus.
Great, before I get you set up with a reservation can you just confirm that everything I have is correct? I have a table for 2, at Lotus Thai Bistro located in Palo Alto on March 3rd, at 11 am. Does this sound correct?
Yes everything you have is correct.
I'm sorry to inform you that I was not able to make that reservation for you, however, would you like me to try to set a new reservation for 2 at Lotus Thai Bistro on March 3rd for 11:30 am?
No, that won't work but thank you any way.
My pleasure, again I am sorry and have a nice day!
I want to make a restaurant reservation somewhere please.
What is the location you'd like?
I am in Palo Alto.
Is there a restaurant in particular you would like?
Yes, Anatolian please for 3 people, if you would.
A reservation for what time please?
Would you try for 12:30?
Confirming a table for 3 on March 1st at 12:30 pm in Palo Alto at Anatolian Kitchen.
Oops, please change that to one person.
Confirming a 12:30 pm reservation for a party of 1.
Okay, thanks. I'm wondering if they have vegetarian choices on their menu. Also, what kind of menu do they have in general?
They serve Mediterranean cuisine and they also do offer vegetarian selections. Congratulations, your table has been booked.
Wonderful. Thank you for helping me.
Is there anything else you need?
No, that's all I needed.
Thank you very much.
Hi there, could you get me a table at a restaurant on the 14th of March at 1:30 pm please?
Sure, any particular restaurant are you interested in ?
Could you get me a reservation at Schroeder's please?
Sure, and which location would you prefer?
A table for two at San Francisco will be fine.
Please confirm you reservation at Schroeder's in San Francisco for 2 at 1:30 pm on the March 14th.
That sounds great to me!
Your reservation has been made.
Thank you so much!
Do you require any further assistance?
No, that is all I need. Really appreciate it!
No worries, have a great day!
I am in a nice mood and I like to listen some nice songs. Can you search for me the best one?
Yes, what about your opinion on Nixta Ginontai Ta Thavmata by Malou Kyriakopoulou from the album Ores Aixmis. Hope you will like it.
Let me know the type of this song and also check whether it is from '16?
No, it is from the year 2019 and it is a Pop type song.
That's great and I like the same.
Shall I play it for you now?
Yes, do it for me.
Please confirm to play the song Nixta Ginontai Ta Thavmata in Living Room.
That is confirmed to proceed.
Song started playing. Enjoy the same.
Thanks & that's all.
Have a good day.
Find me some music okay?
I came up with 10 so far. Would you like to hear a song from the Miley Cyrus album Younger Now? It's called Malibu.
What year was that in?
2017 is the release date.
Okay play that one.
Play that song?
Yes if you would please.
So I will play Malibu in the Living Room right?
That is right.
Have a pleasant listening experience.
I appreciate that.
Can I be of further assistance?
Not right now thanks.
Have a most wonderful day!
Can you recommend a song to listen to?
I'd be happy to help. May I suggest Roller Coaster from the album Crash My Party by Luke Bryan.
Perfect! I love that song.
Do you want me to play it now?
Yes, I'd like to listen to it now.
You'd like to hear Roller Coaster played in the Living room. Is that correct?
Yes, that will be perfect.
Your selection has begun streaming.
Great! Thank you for the help.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day.
Please find me any of the songs that I've played the most this week.
How about Strangers by Sigrid, from her album Sucker Punch?
Cool! That's the song I'd like you to play.
Sure! Please confirm that you'd like to play Strangers in the Living room.
You got that right.
Do enjoy listening to your music.
Thank you very much. That will be all.
Do have yourself a great day!
Can you search for some songs from 2015?
I found 10 songs for you. What about Back It Up by Prince Royce, from the album Double Vision?
What genre of music is that song?
It is a Pop song.
That sounds good.
Would you like to listen to the song now?
Yeah, play it on the kitchen device, please.
You would like to play the song Back It Up in on the device in the Kitchen, is this correct?
Yes, go ahead.
Enjoy the music!
Thank you!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I'm fine for now, thank you!
Have a great day!
I am looking for some nice songs.
How about Black Widow by Iggy Azalea from the album The New Classic?
Yes, That is music I am looking for.
Do you want me to play the song for you?
Yes, Play the song on my living room.
Please confirm: You want me to play Black Widow in Living room.
Yes, That sounds perfect.
Your music is playing. Enjoy!
Can you confirm whether it came out three years back and find the type of the music?
The type is Pop song and it came out in 2014.
That will be all. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day!
I'm in the mood for some music and would like to play some songs.
Okay, what about Masterpiece by Jessie J from the Sweet Talker album?
Did that song come out six years ago?
The song came out in 2014.
What kind of music is it?
This is a Pop song.
Yes, that's the one I'm thinking of.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, please play that song on any device.
Okay, let's confirm: Playing the song Masterpiece in the Living room.
Yes, thanks.
Okay, enjoy your music.
Thank you!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all thanks.
Have a great day!
I am interested in listening to some music. Would you search for some songs?
There are 10 songs I found that you may enjoy. Would you like to hear The Way I am by Charlie Puth? This is from the Voicenotes album.
Was this the one published in 2012?
No, it came out in 2018.
Oh yes, that is the one I wanted to hear. Please play the song on any device.
Please confirm you would like to hear The way I Am in the Living Room.
No, please play it on the speaker in patio.
Please confirm you wish to hear the song The way I Am in the Patio.
Yes, that is right.
Here you go and enjoy your music!
Would you tell me the genre of this music?
This is considered a Pop song.
Great, thank you for your help!
Do you need assistance with anything today?
No, that is all for now. Thanks again!
Enjoy and have a great day!
Hey, I feel like listening to some tunes right now. Can you find me something from two years ago?
Sure! What about the song Airplane Mode from the album Holo by Limbo?
I love it.
Should I play it?
Please do. Cast it on the living room device.
So you want the song the song Airplane Mode on the Living room device?
Actually, cast it on the patio device.
So you want me to play the song Airplane Mode on the Patio?
Yes, that's it. What kind of music is it?
Enjoy! It's a pop song.
Thanks! That's all.
Have a great day!
I'd like to look for music right now.
What is your opinion regarding Medicine by Jennifer Lopez from her album Medicine Remixes?
Do you have something else? I enjoy music by Greta Van Fleet.
I discovered 1 music for you. What is your opinion regarding Highway Tune by Greta Van Fleet from the album Black Smoke Rising?
Yeah, that's perfect for me.
Do you wish to cast this music?
Yup. Play it on patio speaker.
Please verify the following information: cast the music Highway Tune in Patio.
Nope; play it on speaker in kitchen.
Please verify the following information: cast the music Highway Tune in Kitchen.
Yeah, that's the right one.
Have fun with your song.
Thank you for your help; that's all.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
Hey, I need some songs. I want some from the album This Is Acting, and I like songs by Sia, and also Popular genre songs.
There are 5 songs in this selection. I have found Alive by Sia from the album This Is Acting.
Which year was that released anyway?
Its release date is from the year 2013.
Okay, give me that. I want it to play on the patio speaker.
Please confirm the following details: Play Alive in Patio via speaker. Correct?
Yes, that's it!
Enjoy your selection.
Thank you so much!!
Of course. Have a wonderful day.
Hello, I want to find songs please, ones like on the album The New Classic. Or tunes from, say, six years back.
How about the Iggy Azalea song Bounce, which is from The New Classic album?
What other popular songs can you suggest? Those are the ones I like.
There are 2 options you might like. One of them is Change Your Life, which is also from the Iggy Azalea album, The New Classic.
Anything else that you think is good?
Another good Iggy Azalea track from The New Classic is the song Work.
Okay, I like that one the best.
Shall I play that song for you at this time?
Yes, and please do it in the Living room.
Confirming playback of Work on the Living room speaker.
Sorry, no, do it on the speaker in kitchen instead.
Certainly. Confirming kitchen speaker playback of the track Work.
Right, that's what I'd like.
Please enjoy your selection.
Thanks, I'm sure I will.
You're very welcome. Have a lovely day.
I would like to search for songs at this time.
What do you think about Where Have You Been by Rihanna from the Talk That Talk album?
What year did it come out?
It was from 2011.
Yes, that's the one I'd like to play songs so cast it on the speaker outside.
Please confirm playing the song Where Have You Been in Patio.
Yes, that is the one.
Enjoy the music.
Thanks so much. That is it.
Have a great day.
I am interested in finding songs.
Well how about houdini by Foster The People from their album Torches?
Yes sounds good.
Shall I play it?
Please in the living room.
So I am playing the song Houdini in the living room.
No actually play it on the kitchen speaker.
To confirm them that is Houdini song playing in the kitchen.
Yes thanks. What genre of music is it and when was it released?
It is indie music, released in 2011, I hope you like it.
thanks so much.
Anything else I can assist you with?
No that is all thanks.
Enjoy your day.
I am looking for some songs from the album High Expectations from '19.
I found 3 songs. The first song I found is Bad Behaviour by Mabel from the album High Expectations.
Yes, that would be great.
Should I play this song for you?
Yes, please play it in my kitchen, thanks.
You would like me to play the song Bad Behaviour in the Kitchen?
Yes, please do.
Enjoy the music!
Thank you, I'm all set.
Have a great day!
I want to find a song now, and I know that there are some really good songs in the album called We Are Not Your Kind, also I enjoy Rock-and-roll songs which are from the '19.
There is 1 song which you might like. How would you like listening to the Birth Of The Cruel by Slipknot from the album called We Are Not Your Kind?
Yes, that is the song I want.
Do you want this song to start playing now?
Yes, I do. Play the song on the patio speaker.
Can you please confirm that you want to play the son Birth Of The Cruel on the Patio?
That is not right, because I changed my mind and I want it to be played in my living room.
Can you please once again confirm that you want the song Birth Of The Cruel to be played in your Living Room?
Yes, that is what I want.
Have a good time listening to the music
I appreciate it! That would be all.
Have a wonderful day!
I am in a nice mood and I like to listen to nice songs. How do you think about the album Overthinking which contains many good songs and also I like the songs by Shy Martin. Can you search for something from two years ago?
Yes, of-course, what about the song Good Together by Shy Martin from the album Overthinking? Do you like it to listen now?
Yes, I think I may like to hear this song now. Thanks.
Shall I play it now for you?
Yes, play it on Speaker in Kitchen.
Please confirm to play the song Good Together in Kitchen.
Sorry, please play it for me in the Living room device.
give me your confirmation to play the song Good Together in Living room.
Yes, proceed and also let know the type of song.
It is a Pop song and the same was started playing for you now.
Thanks and that's all for now.
Have a great day.
Can you help me search for some songs?
I found 10 songs you may like. How about Touch from the Glory Days album by Little Mix?
What kind of music is it and from what year?
Its a pop song from 2016.
Okay, I'd like that one.
Shall I play it now?
Yes, that would be great.
To verify: you would like to hear the song Touch in the Living room.
No, play it on the patio speaker.
To confirm: you would like to hear the song Touch on the Patio.
You got it.
Enjoy the song.
I will, thanks.
Is there anything else you need?
No thanks, I'm good.
Have a great day.
I would like to hear some music.
Would you like to hear Die Young from the album Warrior by Kesha? I have 10 other songs in mind, also.
Yes, I'd like to hear Die Young by Kesha.
Okay. Please confirm that you want to hear Die Young in the Living room.
Yes, I want to hear it in the living room. Did that song come out in 2010 or 2011? Is it hip-hop?
It is a pop song from 2012. Enjoy your music.
Great. Thanks very much.
Would you like me to play an additional song?
No. That's all, thanks.
You're welcome. Enjoy your music.
I want to find some songs please. What have you got?
Would you like to hear the Charlie Puth song The Way I Am, which is from his Voicenotes album.
I would, thanks so much.
My pleasure. How else may I help you today?
I'd like to hear the song and can you do it on the kitchen speaker?
Certainly. Confirming playback of The Way I Am on the Kitchen speaker location.
Great, thanks! Let me ask you, did that come out four years ago? And what music type is it?
The track is from 2018 and it's in the pop genre. Enjoy the song.
Thanks, I will!
Do you need help with anything else right now?
Nope, thanks again.
I'm happy to help. Have a nice day.
Hello, I am hoping you can help me find some songs.
I have found 10 songs for you. What do you think about Cool Girl by Tove Lo from the album Lady Wood?
What year did it come out and what genre of music is it?
It is an electropop song from 2016.
Can you give me some other options? I do enjoy the Lady Gaga album Joanne.
What do you think about Million Reasons by Lady Gaga from her album Joanne?
Yes, that is the one.
Would you like to play this song now?
Yes, please cast it in my living room.
I will now play the song Million Reasons in the living room.
Thank you! What genre of music is it and when did the song release?
Enjoy your music. It is a pop song and she released this song in 2016.
Thank you!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that will be all, thank you!
Have a good rest of your day!
I would like to find some songs at this time.
The album King of Everything has a song named Pisces by Jinjer. What about it?
can you tell me some others?
What is your opinion about the song Final Masquerade from the album The Hunting Party and singer Linkin Park.
Can you tell me the music genre and if it was released in 2019?
The song is Metal and was released in 2014.
Okay, that's what I want.
Do you want me to play the song?
Please. Would you let it play on the kitchen device.
Turn on the song Final Masquerade in the kitchen. Is that correct?
No, go ahead and play it on the patio speaker.
Turn the song Final Masquerade on in the patio. Is that right?
Yes, you got it.
I hope you like your music.
Thanks, I hope so.
Would you like my assistance with something else?
No, that's all and thanks.
Please have a great day.
I want to find some songs from five years back, I'm feeling a little nostalgic
How about the song Addicted by Popcaan from their album Where we come from
Yes, that's a great song!
Do you want me to play it?
Yes please do
Want me to play Addicted in your Living Room
Yes please, that's right
I hope you enjoy your music
What kind of genre is this again?
It's a Reggae track
Thanks for the information
Can I do something else?
For now it's all good
Enjoy the music!
I want to hear a Reggaeton song.
How about Addicted from the Where We Come From album by Popcaan?
That's the one I wanted. Thanks!
Shall I play it now?
Yes, please do.
To verify: you would like to listen to the song Addicted in the Living room.
No I'd like to hear it on the speaker in kitchen.
To confirm: you would like me to play the song Addicted in the kitchen.
On second thought make it the patio speaker.
Okay, you would like me to play Addicted on the patio.
You got it.
Enjoy! Do you need anything else?
No thank you.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you help me find some songs?
Found 10 songs that you may like. Would you be interested in Hate Me from the album Arcadia by Eurielle?
Yes, that's the one I was looking for.
Shall I play this song for you?
Yes, please do.
Please confirm that you would like to play the song Hate Me in the Living room.
Can you play it on the kitchen speaker instead?
Sure. Playing the song Hate Me in the Kitchen. Shall I proceed?
Yes, please go ahead and play it.
Song is playing now. Enjoy your music.
What genre is it?
It's a Pop song.
Thank you. That's all I need.
Have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant, can you help?
Where would you like me to look and what kind of food would you prefer?
Check in the San Jose area. I'd like to find a place that serves Diner style food.
71 Saint Peter is a nice diner style restaurant in San Jose.
Great! can you make a reservation for one on Saturday this week?
For what time?
For lunch at 12 in the afternoon.
To verify: You would like a reservation at 71 Saint Peter in San Jose for 1 person at 12 pm on March 2nd.
On second thought, make it for Tuesday next week.
So that would be a reservation at 71 Saint Peter on March 5th.
Yes. Also see if they have outdoor seating and what their rating is.
There user rating is around 4.0 and they do have outdoor seating. Your reservation has been made.
Great! Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. I'm good for now.
Have a wonderful day!
Can you help me find a place to eat?
Yes, which location are you interested in?
I'm interested in Napa.
Do you have a preference in food?
Yes, I'm interested in Japanese.
There is a nice restaurant in Napa called Kenzo.
Are there any others you can recommend?
There is another one in Napa called Miminashi that is very nice.
Can you give me their phone number please?
Yes, there phone number is 707-254-9464.
Can you give me their user rating and tell me if they have any outdoor seating?
Their user rating is around 4.5 but they do not have any outdoor seating.
Are there any other restaurants you can recommend that have vegetarian options?
Yes, there is one in Napa called Morimoto Napa that is very nice.
That sounds good! I am looking to book a table on the 3rd.
What time would you like the reservation for?
I am thinking evening 4:45.
Please confirm that you would like to book at table on March 3rd at 4:45 pm for 2 people at Morimoto Napa in Napa.
Yes, that is correct!
Ok, I have booked your reservation.
Thank you, that is all I need for now.
Have a beautiful day!
Think you could find me a place to eat?
I think so. What kind of food are you looking for? Also in what area would you like me to look?
Find me a place that serves burgers in San Jose and you will be my hero.
I've found 9 restaurants that serve burgers in San Jose. How about Black Angus Steakhouse?
Wow, that sounds delicious. What's their phone number?
Their phone number is 408-266-6602.
Great, thanks.
Would you like to reserve a table here?
Yes, I would.
What time would you like the reservation to be for?
Make the reservation for 3. No, actually, make it for a quarter past 5 in the evening.
You would like to make a reservation for 2 at Black Angus Steakhouse in San Jose. The time of this reservation will be 5:15 pm on March 1st. Is that all correct?
Yes that is all correct. Can you tell me the restaurants user rating and address?
The reservation has successfully been made. Their average user rating is 4.1 and the street address is listed as 1011 Blossom Hill Road.
Great. Thank you very much for your help.
I'm always glad to be of assistance. Will that be all you need?
For now, yes. I'll let you know if I need anything further.
Okay, until then.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves Oriental food.
What area do you want me to look in?
Find a restaurant in SFO.
How about 8 Immortals Restaurant in San Francisco?
Yes, that sounds good. I'd like to make a reservation for 3 people today at 1 pm.
Okay, I have a reservation for 3 people at 8 Immortals Restaurant in San Francisco on March 1st at 1 pm, correct?
Yes, that is right.
I have successfully confirmed the reservation.
Thank you!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you.
Have a great day.
I need help searching for a place to eat.
Is there a type of food you prefer? And where do you want to search.
I want to look for Korean Barbeque in SFO.
There are 10 restaurants I've found. Aato is a nice spot in San Francisco.
Is there outdoor seating? And what's their user rating?
There is not outdoor seating. Their user rating is 3.6.
Okay, that can work. Please book me a table.
What time do you want the table?
I want it for half past 10 in the morning.
I'll book you a table for 2 at Aato in San Francisco for March 1st at 10:30 am. Is that right?
That is right.
I'm sorry, but that time is all booked. Do you need anything else?
Can we try for a table at 7 pm?
I'll book you a table for 2 at Aato in San Francisco for March 1st at 7 pm. Is that right?
That is right.
I have made the reservation.
Thanks a lot.
What else can I assist you with?
Nothing else, thanks a lot.
Have a pleasant day.
Will you please help me find a good, reasonably priced place to eat in San Jose?
I sure will. What type of food do you prefer?
I think I'm in the mood for Cantonese.
In San Jose, I recommend the Chef Li restaurant.
Okay. How about some other suggestions?
Certainly. Also in San Jose, I recommend China Delight.
That's possible. But what else is there?
China Station Restaurant is also a good San Jose option.
Can you let me know what their user rating is? I'm also wondering if they have seating outdoors.
No, they have no outdoor seating, sorry. Their rating is 4.1.
Okay, sounds good. Let's book a table for 4 please in the evening 5:30.
Confirming a table for 4 on March 1st at 5:30 pm at the China Station Restaurant in San Jose.
Okay, sounds like you got it all!
Great. The table has been booked.
Thanks for all your help today.
My pleasure. May I do anything else for you?
I don't think so. Thanks again.
You are very welcome, of course.
I need help finding somewhere to eat.
What area are you interested in and what kind of food do you like?
I want a Barbecue place in San Fran.
1760 is a good place in San Francisco.
What else is there?
25 Lusk is a good place in San Francisco.
Can you give me their phone number?
You can reach them at 415-495-5875.
And what is their user rating?
They have 4.4 user rating.
Alright, that seems good.
Do you want me to book you a table?
Yes, please do that.
What time do you want the table?
I want it for 7:15 pm.
I'll book you a table for 2 at 25 Lusk in San Francisco for March 1st at 7:15 pm. Does that work for you?
No, it should be a table for 4 and for seven pm.
So a table for 4 at 7 pm. Are these the changes you wanted?
Yes. And can you tell me their address?
They are located at 25 Lusk Street. I have booked you table.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need me to help with anything else?
No, thanks again.
Have a fine day.
Can you find me a Ramen restaurant?
Where would you like me to search?
I'd like something in Belmont.
I found 2 options for you. How about Sushi Kuu in Belmont?
That sounds great. Can you reserve me a table? How about the 9th of March at 5:30 in the evening?
Please confirm: a table for 2 on March 9th at 5:30 pm at Sushi Kuu in Belmont.
That's correct. Do you have their address?
Your reservation is confirmed. They're located at 1001 Alameda de las Pulgas.
Thank you very much!
Do you need anything else today?
No, that'll be all, thanks!
Have a great day!
Please locate a nice restaurant in Petaluma for me.
Is there a food type you prefer?
Yes. A Light meal would be perfect.
Petaluma has a nice restaurant called Speakeasy.
Sounds like a good choice.
Shall I make a reservation for you?
Please make a reservation.
Is there a time you prefer the reservation to be made at?
I would like to book a table at 6:15 in the evening.
I will book a table at Speakeasy in Petaluma at 6:15 pm for 2 this March 1st if that is what you want.
That is exactly what I want, thanks.
The table for 2 has been booked.
Thanks a million.
My pleasure. What else can I do for you?
Nothing right now, thanks.
Enjoy dinner tonight.
Can you find me some Cambodian restaurants that serve vegetarian food?
What location should I search?
Search around Fairfax.
Siam Lotus is a nice restaurant located in Fairfax.
Can you recommend me some Barbecue restaurants in SF?
25 Lusk is a nice restaurant in San Francisco.
That sounds good. I need to book a table.
For what time?
Make it for evening 7:30.
Confirming that you want a reservation for 2 at 25 Lusk in San Francisco. You want a table for March 1st at 7:30 pm.
Yes. How expensive is the restaurant?
The restaurant is pricey. Your reservation is successful.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else that you need?
No. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Can you please help me find a place to eat?
What location should I search in?
Please find restaurants in Santa Clara.
What type of food are you looking for?
Please find something serving Latin American food.
El Amigo Burrito is a nice restaurant in Santa Clara.
What is there phone number?
The phone number is 408-248-3113.
Yes, that sounds good.
Would you like me to book a table there?
Yes please, reserve a table.
What time should I try to reserve for?
Please make the reservation at 5:30 in the evening.
Please confirm the following details: Booking a table at El Amigo Burrito in Santa Clara for 5:30 pm on March 1st. The reservation is for 2 people.
Yes, that is correct. Do they have vegetarian options on the menu, and what is their user rating?
The rating is around 4.3 stars and they have good options for vegetarians. Sorry, I was unable to make the reservations at El Amigo Burrito at that time. Shall I try again for 2 people on March 1st at 5 pm?
Yes, that works.
Your reservation was successful.
Thank you very much, that is all I need for now.
Okay, have a good day.
I want to find a restaurant please. I don't care about the price range.
Certainly. What kind of cuisine would you like and where shall I search for you?
See if there's anything in Danville please with Southern food.
How about Blackhawk Grille, which is in Danville?
What kind of a customer rating do they have there?
They're rated 4.1.
Okay, how about the address and phone number?
Of course. They are located at 3540 Blackhawk Plaza Circle and the contact number is 925-736-4295.
May I get some other recommendations from you? Maybe a place with patio dining, if possible, and somewhere that's reasonably priced.
I have 2 options to tell you about. Perhaps you'd like Dana's in Danville.
Oh, I think I would.
Shall I make reservations for you?
I think you should, yes.
What time would you like?
Let's shoot for 5:30 pm.
Confirming a table for 2 at Dana's in Danville on March 1st. The booking will be for 5:30 pm.
Actually can you make it for a party of 3 please?
Yes, confirming a booking for 3 at Dana's.
Sorry, I also need to move that to the 14th please.
Not a problem. Confirming your March 14th booking at Dana's.
Great, thanks. What is the address of the restaurant?
It's 416 Sycamore Valley Road. Oh, your reservation is confirmed.
Thanks for taking care of that.
My pleasure. May I do anything else for you?
No, I think I'm good.
Thank you very much.
I need a place to eat.
Where should I search? What type of cuisine do you like?
Find me a Neapolitan restaurant in Cupertino.
I found you 1 restaurant. How about Doppio Zero? It is a nice restaurant located in Cupertino.
Can you get me the address and phone number?
The address is 10088 North Wolfe Road #120. The phone number is 408-863-0308.
Yes, that's good.
Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. Reserve a table for four people.
What time should I make the reservation for?
Make it for morning 11:15 for 3 people.
Please confirm the following: you want a reservation for March 1st at Doppio Zero in Cupertino. You want to book a table for 3 for 11:15 am.
Yes, that will work.
Sorry, but I was unable to make your reservation at Doppio Zero. Should I attempt to make a reservation for 3 for March 1st at 11 am instead?
No, that's alright.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you very much.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
I'm really hungry, but on a budget. Could you please help me find restaurants with moderate prices, in Palo Alto?
What type of cuisine did you have in mind?
Anything that serves Diner type food will do.
Okay, I found Bazille, a nice restaurant in Palo Alto.
Great! I really like the sound of that. Please reserve me a table for 1 at that restaurant.
For what time should I make the reservation?
Let it be a 12:30 in the afternoon reservation, please.
Okay. Please confirm that you'd like to reserve a table for 1 at Bazille in Palo Alto, for 12:30 pm on March 1st.
Yes, that is correct.
I have successfully made your reservation.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful. That will be all.
Do have yourself a great day!
Hello, I am looking for a place to eat. I am hoping to get take-out and for the restaurant to have vegetarian options.
Hello! Yes, I can help you with that. What city are you looking in?
Please find restaurants in San Jose.
I have found 4 restaurants that match. 4th St Pizza Co has good ratings and is located in San Jose.
How is the pricing? Cheap or expensive?
They seem to be a moderate restaurant.
Do they have outdoor seating?
They do not have outdoor seating.
Are there any other restaurants you can recommend?
There is a Mimi's Cafe in San Jose and also had good reviews.
Yes, that will work. Can you please book a reservation for me? It will be for half past 11 in the morning.
Please confirm the reservation details: It will be for Mimi's Cafe in San Jose on March 1st at 11:30 am. The reservation is for 2 people.
Yes, that is correct. Are they not very costly?
You reservation is set. They have moderate pricing.
Thank you for your help!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
Have a good rest of your day.
I'm searching for location to dine at, preferably ones not very costly for cost. Get me one in San Mateo.
What sort of cuisine are you searching for?
Get me one that offers Oriental cuisine.
I discovered 5 diners you may enjoy. There is a lovely diner called Izakaya Ginji in San Mateo.
Yeah, that's fine with me.
Do you wish to book a spot there?
Yeah, I'd like to book a spot there.
When ought I attempt to book for?
Book it for quarter to 2 in the afternoon.
Please verify the following information: reserve a spot for 2 people at the Izakaya Ginji in San Mateo for March 1st, 1:45 pm.
Yeah, that's fine with me.
I apologize, but I could not make the booking. There is a lovely diner called Izakaya Ginji; should I try to book for 2 people on 1:30 pm, March 1st?
Yeah, that's fine with me.
Your booking is complete.
Does the diner offer outdoor seating? What is the contact number?
They don't offer outdoor seating, and the contact number is 925-408-4891.
Thank you for your help; that's all.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
I have a plan to eat outside once and I need a nice restaurant for me. Can you search for the one in San Ramon?
Yes, what is your favorite food? If you tell me the same then I can search for the best restaurants.
I want to eat some Pakistani food and search it accordingly.
That's easy. I found 1 restaurant named Cafe Tandoor which is in San Ramon. Do you like to go there?
Let me know their address to decide further.
They are located at 420 Market Place.
That is okay for me. Can I get a table there?. Please book it for me now.
Sure, I will book it and let me know your convenient time to book the same.
Make it at evening 4:30.
Okay. Please confirm to book a table for 2 at Cafe Tandoor in San Ramon on March 1st for the time at 4:30 pm.
That is confirmed and you can go ahead.
I am so sorry that I was not able to book it at that time. Shall I try for something else?
Please check it for another time that is 1:30 pm.
Please confirm to book a table for 2 at Cafe Tandoor in San Ramon on March 1st for the time at 1:30 pm.
That is confirmed. Please proceed.
I have successfully booked the table as you requested.
That is nice and thank you so much.
Anything else you need?
No, nothing for now.
Have a great day.
I'm trying to find a place to eat in Sunnyvale. Can you find me any afforadable Spicy Indian restaurants in the area?
Sure thing. I've found 3 restaurants for you in Sunnyvale. How about the Arka Indian Restaurant? I hear it is really nice.
Is this a good restaurant for vegetarians? What is their rating?
They have great vegetarian options. They are rated at 3.8 stars.
Okay, this place sounds great. Let's go ahead and start booking a table.
Sure thing. What time would like to make the reservation for?
I need a table for 2 on March 14th at 12:00.
Okay, first confirm the following details for me. Booking a table for 2 at the Arka Indian Restaurant in Sunnyvale for 12 pm on March 14th. Is this right?
Yes, that's perfect. Also can I get their number?
Okay, your table is booked! Their phone number is 408-774-1540.
You you so much! I appreciate your help.
Anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. That's all. Thanks again.
My pleasure. You have a nice day now.
Can you find a place for me to eat in Los Gatos?
Sure, anything in particular you want to eat?
Yes, try searching for Chinese.
There are 2 places. How about Jasmine Chinese Cuisine in Los Gatos?
Great, can you make a reservation there next Tuesday at morning 11:30.
Sure, please confirm you'd like a reservation for 2 at Jasmine Chinese Cuisine in Los Gatos for March 5th at 11:30 am.
Yup, that's great. What's their rating an do they have outdoor seating?
I've successfully made your reservation. They don't have outdoor seating and their rating is 3.7.
Thanks, that's all for now.
My pleasure.
Find for me please a restaurant tagged affordable for price that have outdoor seating.I would like that Steakhouse to be served.
On which location you want to be?
In Livermore will be okay.
Located in Livermore is a nice restaurant called Castle Rock Restaurant.
Sounds very good.Book a table for 3 people.
At what time you want me to try to reserve?
Try to make it at half past 1 in the afternoon.
Book a table for 3 people on March 1st at 1:30 pm in city Livermore at Castle Rock Restaurant.Is that correct?
Yes, very good.Tell me the user rating for this restaurant.
The reservation was made successfully.User rating is around 3.7.
Thank you for all.
With something else can I help you?
No.Thanks.
Have a great day!
Can you find me some place to eat?
Where should I search?
Look for restaurants in Moraga.
What type of cuisine do you prefer?
I want some Take-out.
I found 1 restaurant that you may like. How about Mountain Mike's Pizza? It is a nice restaurant located in Moraga.
Is it a cheap restaurant?
They are a moderate priced restaurant.
Okay, that sounds good. I need to book a table for 1. How about on the 12th at 5 in the evening?
Confirming that you need a table for 1 for March 12th at Mountain Mike's Pizza in Moraga. You want the reservation for 5 pm.
Yes that works. Does the restaurant have vegetarian options?
You're reservation is confirmed. Yes, they do have good options for vegetarians.
Thank you very much.
Can I help you with anything else?
No. Thank you.
My pleasure. Have a good day.
Can you help me find a place to eat with outdoor seating?
What type of food do you prefer and in what city please?
Check restaurants in Bolinas that serve Veggie.
Coast Cafe is located in Bolinas and is very nice.
Do they have vegetarians options on the menu? Can you get me their phone number please?
Their phone number is 415-868-2298. I'm sorry, they don't have vegetarian options.
Yes, that is good.
Would you like to reserve a table here?
Yes please, at 5 o"clock in the evening on 11th of this month.
Please confirm the following details: You wish to book a table at Coast Cafe in Bolinas on March 11th at 5 pm for 2 people.
Please change that to half past 6 in the evening on 14th of March.
Please confirm the following details: The reservation change to 6:30 pm on March 14th.
Yes that is correct.
Your reservation is successful.
Thank you so much. That is all.
Have a good day.
I'd like to find a nice reasonably priced restaurant.
What sort of food do you want to eat?
How about Seafood?
What location do you want me to look in?
Find Walnut Creek restaurants.
I have 4 restaurants that may work. What about Andy's Sushi in Walnut Creek?
Do you have something else, with vegetarian options? How about Greek food?
I have 1 restaurant called Opa Authentic Greek Cuisine Walnut Creek. It's in Walnut Creek.
Sounds fabulous.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, reserve a table. I am interested in a table for 3rd of March. Make the reservation for 19:15.
Could you confirm that you want to book a table at Opa Authentic Greek Cuisine Walnut Creek in Walnut Creek? Your reservtion is at 7:15 pm on March 3rd for 2 people
Sounds good. Tell me the restaurant's user rating.
They have a user rating of about 4.2. Sorry, but I could not make a reservation. Should I try to make the reservation fo 2 people at Opa Opa Authentic Greek Cuisine Walnut Creek for March 3rd at 7 pm?
No, thanks.
Could I assist with anything further?
No, but thank you.
Have a nice day.
Hi I'm hungry and want to go out to eat. Preferably something with vegetarian options that serves Pizza and Pasta.
In what location would you like it to be in?
Please find me restaurants in Palo Alto.
I would recommend Italico Restaurant located in Palo Alto.
Are the prices cheap? What is the average rating?
The restaurant is pretty pricey. They have an average rating of 4.4.
Is there anything else you can recommend me?
I would suggest Vina Enoteca in Palo Alto.
That sounds good.
Would you like me to book you a table here?
Yes that would be great, book me a table.
What time would you like the reservation to be?
I would like to make a reservation for 4:30 in the evening.
So you'd like a table at Vina Enoteca in Palo Alto at 4:30 pm on March 1st for 2 people. Is this correct?
Yes, that is wonderful.
I'm sorry I was unable to make the reservation. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Please try booking the table for half past 12 in the afternoon.
So you'd like a table for 2 at Vina Enoteca in Palo Alto at 12:30 pm on March 1st. Is this correct?
That works for me.
Your table has been successfully booked.
What is their contact number and address?
You can call them at 650-646-3477 and their address is 700 Welch Road.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Have a wonderful day.
Hey, do you think you could help me find a nice place to eat?
Sure thing. What city would you like me to search in? Do you have any particular type of food you were thinking about?
Yeah, I could really go for some Punjabi right now. Can you find me something in San Carlos?
I hear Kamakshi's Kitchen Restaurant is really nice. They have a location right in San Carlos
Awesome! That sounds great.
Would you like to reserve a table there?
Yes I would. Can you reserve a table for three at eleven AM on the 13th of this month?
I will see what I can do but first please confirm the following for me. You are booking a table for 3 at Kamakshi's Kitchen Restaurant in San Carlos for 11 am on March 13th. Is this correct?
Yes, that's right.
Okay your reservation was a success. Anything else?
Yeah, can you get their address for me?
No problem. Their address is 601 Old County Road.
Okay, thank you so much!
Anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all. Thank you very much.
My pleasure, have a good day.
I can't figure out where to go to eat. Can you help?
Sure. In which location would you like to find a place to eat? Also what kind of food are you looking for?
Find me a place in the San Jose area, maybe something Asian.
How about the China Garden Restaurant in San Jose?
That sounds good to me.
Will that be all you need?
Uh, can you book me a table for one at that restaurant?
Sure. When would you like me to make the reservation for?
Make it for 5:45 in the evening, please.
You would like me to make a reservation at China Garden Restaurant in San Jose for 1 people. The reservation will be for March 1st at 5:45 pm. Is that correct?
Yes that works for me. Confirmed.
I'm sorry but I was unable to make the reservation. What would you like to do?
Can you try booking another table for two at 6 in the evening?
You would like me to make a reservation at China Garden Restaurant in San Jose for 2 people. The reservation will be for March 1st at 6 pm. Is that correct?
Yes that is all correct.
I'm sorry I was unable to make the reservation. What would you like to do?
Just forget about it, I'll call them directly. Thank you for trying.
You're welcome. Good luck.
I'm hungry, where should I go?
Hmm, which location should I check? What type food are you in the mood for?
How about some pasta in San Mateo?
Why not try Capellini Restaurant in San Mateo?
Nah, what about some Barbecue?
What about Central Park Bistro? It's in San Mateo?
Do they have vegetarian options? How much will this cost me?
They have moderate pricing but no Barbequed Vegetables.
I guess I can eat meat once. Get me a table.
When would you like to go?
Make it for 7:15 pm.
Ok, I have: 2 for dinner at Central Park Bistro in San Mateo. It is for 7:15 pm on March 1st.
Ok, You twisted my arm. Do they have outdoor cafe style seating? What's their user rating?
You have a table and you can sit outdoors. Their rating is 4.3
Cool, thanks.
Can I help with another thing?
Not just yet.
Have a pleasant meal.
I'm looking for a classy restaurant in SF. Please help me find one.
I can certainly help you with that. What type of cuisine are you searching for?
I'm craving something like Japanese. Find something like Izakaya.
There are 10 restaurants you may enjoy. A top rated restaurant is 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco.
That sounds like just what I'm looking for.
I can reserve a table for you. Do you wish for me to proceed?
I sure do. Book it for me.
What time would you like the reservation to be?
Please make the reservation for 7:45 pm.
At 7:45 pm on March 1st, you will be going to 2g Japanese Brasserie in San Francisco. The reservation is for 2 people. Is that acceptable?
That works just fine for me. I can't wait to go.
Okay. I have booked your reservation at 2g Japanese Brasserie.
Is there outdoor seating available? I need their phone number as well.
I am sorry but there is no outdoor seating.However, the phone number to 2g Japanese Brasserie is 415-292-9997.
No outdoor seating? That's okay. Anyway, thank you for your help.
Do you require any other assistance?
No that's all. Thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
I want to find a place where I can have a meal.
Is there some specific kind of food you are interested in? Do you have a preferred location that I can look into?
The place should have vegetarian alternatives, more specifically some place that serves Sushi in Berkeley.
There are 3 restaurants which match what you want, with one of the restaurants being Iyasare which is a good restaurant in Berkeley.
Alright, this seems nice.
Do you want to have a table booked for you at this restaurant?
Yes, I want to have a table booked for me at this restaurant. I want to have the table to be reserved for two people on the 11th, as for the time, it should be for 2 pm.
Can you please confirm that you want to have a table booked for 2 people at 2 pm on March 11th at the Iyasare restaurant in Berkeley?
Yes, that is what I want.
I apologize but I could not complete the reservation you asked for. Is there something else I can help you with?
Would you mind trying again to book a table, but make it for four people at 7:15 pm
Can you confirm that you want to have a table for 4 people booked for March 11th at 7:15 pm at Iyasare restaurant in Berkeley?
Alright, that suits me well. Can you check if they have places to sit outside since I like fresh air.
I can confirm that they can provide you with outdoor seats, though I could not make the reservation you asked for. Iyasare is really a good restaurant so do you want to have the reservation for 4 people on March 11th at 7:30 pm?
I do not want that. That would be all.
Have a wonderful time!
Can you help me find a restaurant to eat dinner?
What city would you like to search in? Is there a particular cuisine you prefer?
Yes, I am looking for Greek food in Los Altos.
I found 1 restaurant in Los Altos, Opa! Los Altos.
That one is good.
Would you like to reserve a table there?
Yes, please reserve a table.
What time would you like to make reservations for?
Make the reservations for half past 7 in the evening.
You would like to book a table for 2 at Opa! Los Altos in Los Altos at 7:30 pm on March 1st, is that correct?
No, let me make that for March 7th at two pm.
You would like the reservations for 2 pm on March 7th, is that correct?
You got it, thank you.
Sorry, reservations were not available for that time. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's OK, thank you.
Have a great day!
Help me find somewhere to eat.
Sure, where and what kind of food?
Find an Italian restaurant in Belmont.
There's 3 you may like. How about Caprinos in Belmont?
What's the phone number?
They're at 650-591-4156.
Great, thank you.
Should I reserve a table?
Yeah, reserve a table for 2 for the 14th of this month at morning 11:30.
Sure, please confirm you'd like a table for 2 at Caprinos in Belmont at 11:30 am on March 14th.
Correct, is it cheap and what's their address?
I've reserved your table. They are moderate and at 1000 6th Avenue.
Thank you again.
Need anything else?
Nope, thank you!
My pleasure, enjoy your day.
I'm searching for a location to dine at.
what place ought I look in, and what sort of cuisine are you searching for?
Get me a diner in San Francisco that offers Asian cuisine.
There is a lovely diner called 8 Immortals Restaurant in San Francisco.
Yeah, that's fine with me.
Do you wish to book a spot there?
Yeah, I'd like to make a reservation on March 5th.
When should I book for?
Make the booking for 12:30 pm.
Please verify the following information: reserve a spot for 2 people at 8 Immortals Restaurant in San Francisco, with the date being March 5th 12:30 pm.
Yeah, that's fine. Is the diner cheap? Where is it located?
Your booking is complete, and yes - it is a cheap diner. The location is 1433 Taraval.
Thank you for your assistance.
Could I assist you with something else?
Nope; thank you for your help.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
Can you find me a place to eat around the SFO area?
Sure, what kind of grub?
I want some Ramen, that sounds good right now
I found 10 ramen places in San Francisco including 2g Japanese Brasserie which is a nice place
Where are they located?
They are at 601 Van Ness Avenue
What else can you recommend to me?
In San Francisco? How about Ace Wasabi Rock-n-roll Sushi?
Is it pricey there? And what's their rating
They are in the moderate range and have an average 4.4 rating
What about cheap restaurants that you can recommend?
I found 4 places like that in San Francisco including Fujiyama-ya
Oh that sounds good, book me a table please!
For what time?
Dinner time, around 18:30
Confirming you want a table for 2 at 6:30 pm on March 1st at Fujiyama-ya in San Francisco?
Yes please, also what's their rating?
It has been booked! And it's around 4.4
Great, thanks for that
Can I do anything else?
No, that's all for now, thank you
Alright take care!
Hello, I was wondering if you could help me find a place to eat?
Yes, I can certainly do that. Is there a city you would like to focus on? And what type of cuisine?
I would like to eat at a barbecue restaurant. Preferably somewhere in Emeryville.
I have found 1 restaurant that matches your inquiry. The Bureau 510 is a barbecue restaurant located in Emeryville.
Yes, that works for me. Can you help me book a table there? It will be a reservation for one person on March 10th at 11:45 am.
Please confirm the reservation details: A table for 1 at The Bureau 510 in Emeryville for March 10th at 11:45 am.
Yes, that is correct.
Sorry, it seems as though the 11:45 am time slot is unavailable. Would you be fine with a reservation for 1 at The Bureau 510 on March 10th at 12 pm instead?
Yes, I can do that.
Your reservation has been booked.
Thank you for your help!
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that will be all. Thank you again.
Have a good day, goodbye!
Its boring to eat at home for a change i wish to eat outside. Will you find me a restaurant tagged intermediate priced for price?
At which location should i search in? What type of food you like it most?
Please find something like Lobster and find restaurants in Belmont.
I found 1 restaurant as per your taste. it is CHina VIllage Seafood Restaurant which is a nice restaurant and it is located in Belmont.
ok thats great. it sound good to me.
Whether i need to reserve a table over there?
Yes I need to reserve a table.
At what time should i confirm the reservation ?
Make the reservation at afternoon 12:30
Please review the details so that i will confirm. Table need to book at China Village Seafood Restaurant. The city is Belmont and the reservation timing is at 12:30 Pm. The date is March 1st and the reservation is for 2 people.
ok thats great. please fix it. DO they have vegetarians options on the menu?
Your reservation is successful. THey don't have vegetarian options.
THanks a lot and thats all i need.
have a wonderful day.
I'm new in town and would like to find a place to get something to eat.
What is the name of the area you would like me to look in?
Somewhere close by, so Mountain View would be great.
Is there a specific type of cuisine you would like?
I really enjoy French food, if you can find a place that serves it.
There are 2 that I was able to find. The first is Chez Tj and it is located in Mountain View.
That sounds great!
Should I proceed with booking you a table?
Yes, please. I need to book a table for 4 and prefer it to be in the morning 11:45.
Let's just make sure I have everything in order before I make the reservation for you. You would like a table for 4, at Chez Tj, located in Mountain View, on March 1st, at 11:45 am.
That sounds great! Can you provide me with their location?
The restaurant I was successfully able to book you a table at is located at 938 Villa Street.
Can you give ma an idea of how pricey the establishment is?
This restaurant has been rated on the ultra high-end regarding cost.
Thanks a lot!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Nope, that's all I need at the moment.
Happy to help, have a great day!
Can you find me a Filipino place to eat.
In which city?
I'm looking for something in Geyserville serving pasta outdoors.
There is 1 option. Diavola Pizzeria & Salumeria is in Geyserville.
That one sounds okay.
Should I book a table?
Yes. Please book.
For what time?
Please reserve for 1 in the afternoon.
Please confirm you want me to reserve a table for 2 at 1 pm at Diavola Pizzeria & Salumeria in Geyserville on March 1st.
Yes. That's correct.
Your reservation was a success.
Thanks. That will be all.
Okay. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I have friends visiting and would like to find a place to eat.
In what area would you like to eat and is there a particular type of cusine you are wanting to eat?
I enjoy freshwater fish and would like to dine in San Fran.
There are 10 restaurants meeting your criteria in San Francisco. A very nice restaurant is Akiko's sushi Bar.
Is this an ultra high-end restaurant? I will also need their address.
This restaurant is considered pricey and their address is 542 A Mason Street.
This place sounds great. Please reserve a table here.
What time would you like you reservation?
Please make a reservation for 12:30 on March 2nd.
Please confirm you would like a table for 2 at Akiko's Sushi Bar in San Francisco. The reservation will be for March 2nd at 12:30 pm.
That is exactly right.
Your reservation is confirmed.
Thank you for your help! That is all I need at the moment.
Enjoy your day!
I'm planning to dine out soon. Can you help me select a restaurant in Mountain View?
Do you have a specific type of cuisine in mind?
Sure, search for restaurants that have Ramen.
There are 9 such places in Mountain View that may suit your tastes. One such restaurant is Bushido
Can you tell me if they have seating available outside?
This restaurant does not have seating outside.
What is the average user rating for this establishment? Also, can you give me their contact number?
The restaurant has an average user rating of 4.1 and they can be reached at: 650-386-6821
Great, thanks!
Do you want to make a reservation for this restaurant?
Sure, I'd like to make a reservation for 1 person at eleven in the morning on the 4th.
So you would like to reserve a table for 1 at 11 am on March 4th at Bushido in Mountain View. Is this correct?
That is correct. Can you tell me the price range of this restaurant?
Your table has been booked. The price range is moderate for this restaurant.
Great, thanks for your help! That's it for me.
Enjoy your day!
Can you help me find a place to eat?
Sure. Where would you like me to look, and what kind of food are you interested in?
I feel like Thai food. Find me something in San Fran.
I've found 10 restaurants that match that criteria. How about Baan Thai House & Wine Bar in San Francisco?
Depends. What's their rating? Also do they have vegetarian options?
They have a user rating of 4.3 and good options for vegetarians.
Awesome. That sounds good to me.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, I do.
What time would you like to make the reservation for?
Make it for 11:30 in the morning.
Please confirm the following details: Book a table for 2 at Baan Thai House & Wine Bar in San Francisco for 11:30 am on March 1st.
Yes, confirmed.
Your reservation has successfully been made.
Great. Thank you.
You're welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day.
I am planning on going out for a meal with friends. Can you find me a place in Healdsburg?
Are you looking for any specific type of cuisine?
Sure. I'm interested in restaurants that serve Diner food.
There are 5 such restaurants in Healdsburg. One such place you might enjoy is called Bear Republic Brewing Co.
Can you tell me the user rating for this establishment? Also, is outdoor seating available?
There is no outdoor seating at this restaurant. They are rated at approximately 4.4 by users.
Great, that sounds perfect! I would like to go ahead and make a reservation here.
And for what time would you like your reservation?
I would like a reservation for 6:30 in the evening, please.
So, you would like to make a 6:30 pm reservation for 2 at Bear Republic Brewing Co in Healdsburg for March 1st, correct?
Yes, that's perfect! Can you tell me if the price range is affordable? And also, are there menu items for vegetarians?
Your table has been confirmed. The restaurant is in the moderate price range. Unfortunately, there are no vegetarian menu items.
Excellent. Thanks for you help. That's everything for me!
Take care
I need weather info for the 1st of March.
What is the desired city for weather information?
The city is Palo Alto, and weather info for March 2nd.
The average temperature is predicted to be around 83 degrees Farenheit. There is also a 9 percent chance of rain.
Alright then, thanks a billion.
Of course. Have a safe day.
What's the weather like in Stinson Beach today?
It should be around 80 degrees Fahrenheit with a 16 percent chance of rain.
Alright. That's all. Thank you.
Have a nice day.
Can you get me the condition of weather in Palo Alto on today?
It is said 79 degrees Fahrenheit of average temperature and 4 percent chance of rain.
Great, thats helpful
Do you need any other service?
Thats all. thank you.
Good day sir.
I would like to know about the weather
Okay, just tell me the city where you want me to look.
The place is Walnut Creek.
Temperature is 72 degrees Fahrenheit with a 13 percent probability of rain.
Got it.
What can I do for you now?
Nothing. Thank you.
Bye
I'd like to know the weather forecast please.
For what city please?
I'd like to know the Woodside forecast for the 10th.
Certainly, Woodside will have an average temperature of 86 degrees Fahrenheit and a 24 percent chance of rain on that day.
Could you also tell me the forecast for Bodega Bay this Sunday?
Yes, the temperature will average 77 degrees Fahrenheit that day and there will be an 8 percent possibility of precipitation.
Terrific, that's all I need. Bye now.
Goodbye, thank you very much.
Find me the weather in Berkeley on this Saturday.
The expected average temperature through the day is 83 degrees Fahrenheit with 26 percent chance of rain.
And how windy is it gonna be?
The expected average speed of the wind is 6 mph.
Okay! That sounds good.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. That will be all. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day!
Hey I need to check the weather on March 7th in Danville so I can see what it's like that day
It seems like it will be around 73 degrees Fahrenheit on average with a low 15 percent chance of rain
What about the wind?
It'll be around 7 miles per hour wind speed averages
Oh great, that's it for now, thanks so much it was really helpful
I am glad I could be of service!
I want to check about the weather condition in Fremont. I need your help to check the same on the 1st. Do you help me?
Yes, Please note that the average temperature will be 84 degrees Fahrenheit and the chance for rain will be 0 percent on that day.
Also let me know about the Wind and Humidity.
The average wind speed will be 1 miles per hour and the humidity is around 15 percent. Hope this information was useful to you.
Yes, that was useful and thanks. That's all for now.
Have a great day.
Hi, could you check the weather on the 10th of this month please.
Sure, which city are you interested in?
Calistoga, please.
The average temperature is 84 degress on that day with a 13 percent chance of rain.
How about the expected humidity on that day?
It should be averaging around 28 percent.
Sure, that is all I need for now. Thank you for your kind assistance!
No worries, have a pleasant day ahead!
Can you check the weather for the 11th of March?
In what city?
look in Millbrae
It is expected to be about 91 degrees with a 25 percent chance of rain.
Okay. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you.
Have a good day.
I want updates about the weather.
Where exactly?
Orinda.
Temperature is 81 degrees Fahrenheit and the chance of rain is 3 percent.
Can you also tell me about humidity and wind speed please?
Humidity is 16 percent and the wind will blow at 9 miles per hour.
Got it.
What can I help you with now?
Nothing, I'm fine. Goodbye.
Have a great day.
Find me the weather in Discovery Bay on 7th of March.
The expected average temperature for the day is 85 degrees Fahrenheit with 28 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell me how humid is it gonna be?
The expected humidity is 56 percent.
Okay! That is all I need for now. Bye!
I am glad I could help. Bye!
Give me a weather report for tomorrow.
Easy enough, where shall I check for you?
Moraga please.
Well, the temp will be 76 degrees and there is only a 4 % chance of rain.
Will there be wind to muss my hair?
No, only 2 mph wind.
Will it be humid?
No, not relatively. 23 percent.
Fine, I guess that's good.
What more can I help with.
Nothing, I'm good.
Good bye, thanks.
I want to check the weather please
What place are you interested in checking?
I wanna see what it's like in Las Vegas
Well right now it's 84 degrees Fahrenheit with a rough 18 percent chance of rain
How about in San Pablo on March 12th?
The temperature there is around 81 degrees with a 28 percent chance of it raining
Is it expected to be humid and windy?
Wind speeds are pretty low at 2 miles per hour, and humidity is at around 15 percent
OK, thanks for all of that information
Anything else you want me to check?
No that's it for now
Cheers, have a good one
I want to know how the weather is going to be on March 8th.
Can you tell me the city you are interested that I check the weather at?
I am interested in Millbrae.
For your requested location the average temperature for the day should be 92 degrees Fahrenheit, and with a chance of raining at 0 percent.
Alright, can you also tell me about it in San Anselmo on Wednesday next week?
In the location you are interested the temperature for the day should be at 91 degrees Fahrenheit, and there will be a raining chance of 15 percent.
Fine, right. Got what I wanted. Bye for now!
Enjoy.
Can you check the weather in South San Francisco on the 13th of this month?
Sure. The average temperature for that day is expected to be 91 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 12 percent chance of rain.
Hmm, alright. How windy do they say it will be?
The average wind speed is expected to be 10 miles per hour.
And how humid is it expected to be?
Around 31 percent.
Awesome, thank you. That will be all.
Anytime, let me know if you need anything further.
I want to check the weather for Marshall on the 5th.
The temperature on average for the day is 76 degrees F. with a 25 percent chance of rain.
Okay what about in San Leandro.
The average temperature for the day is 91 degrees F with an 18 percent chance of rain.
Sure that is fine.
Is there anything else you would like?
No. Thanks so much!
To success.
I would like to check the weather.
Which city would you like me to check the weather for?
I would like to check the weather in Duncans Mills on the 6th.
The average temperature for the day should be 70 degrees Fahrenheit with 12 percent chance of rainfall.
Okay! Thanks for the help. That is all I need for now. Bye!
I am glad I could help. Bye!
I need weather info now, please.
In which city would you like weather info?
I need it for Daly City.
The forecasted temperature is set to be about 77 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 6 percent chance of precipitation.
Wind speed info, please?
The average wind speed is forecasted to be around 6 MPH.
Okay, that's all!
Of course. Have a safe day.
I have a plan to go out . please check the weather on March 7th.
At which city do you wish to check the weather for?
Please check the weather at cloverdale.
The average temperature for the day should be 88 degrees Fahrenheit. And there is a 22 percent chance of rain.
How windy going to be on that day?
the average wind speed should be 3 miles per hour.
Ok sure. thats all i need.
Whether anything else i need to do?
no thanks a lot for your help
have a wonderful day.bye for now
I must verify the climate.
What metropolis would you like to verify the climate for?
The city is St. Helena, and on this Saturday.
The mean temperature for that day ought to be 76 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 1 percent probability of raining.
Okay, I understand.
Is there something else you require help with?
No, thank you for your assistance.
Have a good day.
Hi, could you help me check the weather in the District of Columbia please?
Sure, the average temperature is 75 degrees on that day with a 13 percent chance of rain.
I see, may I know the humidity and windiness too
The average wind speed is 6 miles per hour with an expected humidity around 36 percent.
I see, thanks alot!
Do you need any other assistance?
No, that is all I need. Thank you!
No worries, have a great day ahead!
What's the weather like in San Anselmo on the 1st?
It should be around 89 degrees Fahrenheit with a 28 percent chance of rain.
What about on the 10th of this month?
It should be around 87 degrees Fahrenheit with a 28 percent chance of rain.
Alright. That's all. Thanks.
Have a nice day.
How will the weather be in Pacifica on the 11th?
The average temperature should be 82 degrees Fahrenheit with a 16 percent chance of rain on the 11th.
Is it going to be very humid?
Humidity is expected to be around 21 percent.
Thank you. And how about the weather in Martinez on the 12th of March?
The average temperature should be 85 degrees Fahrenheit with a 27 percent chance of rain on the 12th.
Okay, thank you.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No. Thanks a bunch!
Have a great day! Bye!
I want to check about the weather condition in NY. Can you do it for me?
Yes please note that the average temperature will be 66 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 37 percent for rain.
That is okay. Also check about the same in Santa Clara on 3rd of March.
the average temperature will be 84 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 24 percent for rain.
I also need to know the Wind speed and Humidity.
Wind speed will be 4 miles per hour in average and Humidity is around 38 percent.
Thanks. Please check the same on March 12th too.
the average temperature will be 85 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 21 percent for rain.
Thank you for your information.
How can I help you further?
Nothing for now. Thanks.
Have a good day.
Im looking for weather in Rutherford
It is 86 degree Fahrenheit for the day and there is a 28 percent chance to rain
What about the humidity
It is about 41 percent
What about Its wind
The average speed is 10 miles per hour
Great
Anything else should I assist for
No thank you for it
Warm regards
I would like to check the weather in Alamo for next Wednesday.
The temperature should be around 75 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 7 percent chance of rain.
How will the humidity be?
The humidity will be around 20 percent.
How will Mountain View be on the 9th of March?
The temperature should be around 77 degrees and there is a 27 percent chance of rain.
That is all I needed.
Have a good day.
I must verify the weather in Foster City later today.
The mean temperature for today ought to be 80 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 22 percent possibility of raining.
How wet will it be, and how much wind will there be?
The mean wind speed ought to be 8 miles per hour, and the wetness is near 38 percent.
Alright, what about Valley Ford?
The mean temperature for today ought to be 72 degrees Fahrenheit, along with a 6 percent probability of raining.
Okay, that's all; see ya!
Goodbye.
Check for me please the weather on March 10th in Vallejo.
For the day the average temperature should be 76 degree Fahrenheit and 10 percent chance of rain.
Tell me how humid is it expected to be.
Around 27 percent is the humidity.
Windy how will be?
Should be 11 miles per hour the average wind speed.
Okay,I understand you.
Can I help you with anything else?
No.Thank you very much!
Bye!
What is the weather going to be on the 4th of March?
What city would you like to know the weather.
I need to know the weather on the 6th of this month in Sausalito please.
There is a 15 percent chance of rain and a temp of 89 degrees Fahrenheit expected.
Can you tell me the expected humidity?
Yes The humidity is expected to bee 22 percent.
Thanks. I am all set.
Have a great day.
Could you please inform me about the weather?
Where should I look?
The city is Toronto, Canada
The temperature is 58 degrees Fahrenheit with a chance of rain of 13 percent.
What about humidity?
It should be around 25 percent
I see.
Do you need more info?
No, that's okay.
Enjoy your time.
What is the weather going to be like on the 1st of March?
For which city?
For Oakley on March 10th.
It should be 83 degrees Fahrenheit with a 20 percent chance of rainfall.
What about in Brentwood?
It should be 71 degrees Fahrenheit with a 21 percent chance of rainfall.
How humid would it be?
Around 29 percent.
Well, that would be all. Thank you.
Ok, take care.
Will you check the weather?
Weather for which city?
Chi-town on 14th of March please.
Average temperature is 68 degrees Fahrenheit with a 24 percent chance of rain.
What's the humdity?
Humidity should be around 26 percent.
What's the weather like in Phoenix on next Thursday?
Average temperature is 86 degrees Fahrenheit with 19 percent chance of rain.
What's the humidity? How windy?
Average wind speed is at 11 miles per hour with humidity at 36 percent.
Great. That's all.
Have a nice day.
I want to check weather on the 13th
For which city you want
Make it in Newark
The average temperature should be 82 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 9 percent chance to rain
What about humidity windy
The average wind speed is 2 miles per hour and humidity around 25 Percent
How about in foster city
It is 94 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 23 percent chance to rain
Sure great
Shall I assist anything more
Thanks a lot
Cheers have a nice day
Can you tell me the weather in Campbell on the 4th?
Sure thing. The average temperature for the day will be around 72 degrees Fahrenheit with a 29 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be that day?
The average wind speed will be around 5 miles per hour.
What's the humidity?
The humidity will be around 44 percent.
Okay thanks. Tell me the weather in Yountville on March 3rd.
The average temperature will be around 75 degrees fahrenheit that day with a 16 percent chance of rain.
Thanks. That's all for now. Appreciate the help.
My pleasure! Goodbye.
I would like weather information.
Which city would you like?
Montara on March 10th.
The average temperature should be 72 degrees with a 20 percent chance of rain.
What about the wind?
The average wind speed should be around 6 miles per hour.
And the humidity percentage?
Humidity is about 22 percent.
Great, thank you.
Cheers.
I want to check the weather condition in Vancouver and I need to check it on 5th of this month. Can you help me to find the one?
Please note that the average temperature will be 62 degrees Fahrenheit and there will be a chance of 56 percent for rain on that day.
Thanks for the information and also check the Weather condition in American Canyon on March 6th.
Please note that the average temperature will be 83 degrees Fahrenheit and there will be a chance of 19 percent for rain on that day.
Let me know the Humidity also.
It will be around 40 percent.
And the Wind condition will be?
the wind speed will be around 3 miles per hour in average
That's okay. Thanks for all.
Have a good day.
Can you tell me what the weather will be in Alameda next Wednesday?
The average temperature on that day is forecast at 88 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 27 percent chance of rain.
What about the humidity, that can make a big difference. What is the humidity forecast for that day?
It is projected to be around 27 percent humidity.
How windy will it be?
The average wind speed is expected to be about 12 miles per hour.
And what will the weather be like in Washington on the 14th?
The average temperature is expected to be 90 degrees Fahrenheit, and a 2 percent chance of rain is forecast.
OK, I have all I need, thank you!
Have a great day!
What is the weather in New York going to be like on the 11th?
The average temperature in New York on the 11th should be around 65 degrees Fahrenheit with a 34 percent chance of rain.
What about in Stinson Beach?
The average temperature in Stinson Beach on the 11th should be around 78 degrees Fahrenheit with a 15 percent change of rain.
What about on March 5th?
The average temperature in Stinson Beach on March 5th should be around 90 degrees Fahrenheit with a 18 percent chance of rain.
How windy and humid will it be?
The average wind speed should be around 7 miles per hour with a 28 percent humidity.
Okay, thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you.
Have a great day.
Hi, what is the weather in London, England on the 5th of this month?
The weather on that day is about 94 degrees Fahrenheit with a 28 percent chance of rain.
May I know the windiness and humidity on that day too?
Thea average wind speed is expected to be 12 miles per hour with an average humidity of 23 percent.
Sure, how about at Novato on the 3rd of this month?
The average temperature there should be 82 degrees with a 15 percent chance of rain.
I see, thank you!
Do you need any further assistance?
No, that is all I need. Thank you!
Have a great day ahead!
I'm visiting Martinez soon and would like the check the weather there please
After checking it shows that it'll be around 80 degrees Fahrenheit with a 24 percent chance of it raining
I see, can you check on the 5th of March to be more specific
It'll be a little hotter at 83 degrees, but less chance of rain at 22 percent
How humid do you expect it to be?
Right around 29 percent humidity
OK got it, now I know, thanks!
Let me know if you need more help!
Can you check the weather for the 14th?
What city should I check in?
Morgan Hill, make it March 3rd instead.
It should average around 70 degrees with a 23 percent chance of rain.
Is it supposed to be humid?
The humidity should be around 43 percent.
And the wind?
Should be around 7 miles per hour.
Okay, thanks. That's all I needed.
You're welcome. Bye.
I want to see what the weather will be on Sunday this week.
Which city do you want to know the weather for?
That would be Rio Vista on 10th of March.
The temperature on that day looks like it will average 77 degrees Fahrenheit and there will be a 26 percent chance of rain.
What will the wind be like that day?
The wind speed on that day is forecast to be 9 miles per hour.
What is the humidity level going to be that day?
The humidity is predicted to be about 32 percent.
Okay, how about the weather in Newark that day.
The temperature on that day will average 92 degrees Fahrenheit and there will be a 16 percent chance of rain.
Okay, thank you. Good bye for now!
Have a fine day.
Can you help me check the weather?
In which city would you like me to check the weather?
Please check the weather for Anaheim, CA.
There is a 29 percent chance of rain, with an expected temp of 78 degrees Fahrenheit.
What is the humidity expected to be?
The humidity is expected to be 45 percent.
Thanks, can you tell me the weather for March 12th?
There is a 16 percent chance of rain and the temp should be 71 degrees Fahrenheit.
Okay. Thanks I am all set. Goodbye.
Have a great day.
I would like to check the weather.
Where would you like to know the weather.
In Albany, please.
The average temperature should be around 92 degrees with a 19 percent chance of rain.
Is is humid?
The humidity is 29 percent.
What about the wind?
Average speed of 8 miler per hour.
OK, thank you.
You are welcome.
I am thinking of traveling to Healdsburg and would like to know the weather for the 2nd of this month.
On that day the temperature averages 91 degrees Farenheit and there is usually a 21 percent chance of rain.
Thank you. What about on the 10th?
On that day the average temperature is 79 degrees farenheit with the chance of rain at 22 percent.
Is it usually humid and what is it typically?
The humidity averages around 47 percent.
What about the wind? Does it get windy?
The wind speed averages around 3 miles per hour.
Great, thank you for that information.
Do you need further assistance?
No, not at the moment. Thanks again for your help!
Your welcome! Enjoy your day!
I'm gonna be in Clayton on the 12th of March and need to check the weather please
Sure thing, it looks like on that date it's gonna be around 92 degrees Fahrenheit with a 17 percent chance of it raining
How windy do you expect it to be?
It's gonna be around 8 mile per hour winds going that day
What about in the Hercules area if I pass by that way
It's a little cooler than Clayton at 84 degrees and a very low 3 percent chance of rain
Good to know, okay!
Anything else you need from out end?
For now this is all good, thanks
Alright, take care then!
I want to check weather in Sacramento
The average temperature should be 82 Fahrenheit and it has a 26 percent chance to rain
What about humidity
It's around 27 percent
What about Portland on 12th of march
The average temperature is 72 degrees Fahrenheit with a 16 percent chance to rain
How windy it's gonna be in there
It's 11 miles per hour
Great. Thanks that's all for now
Cheers and regards
Can you please search pop songs for me now?
I found 10 songs for you. What about Acapella by Karmin off of the album Pulses?
What year did it come out?
The song is from 2013.
Yes, that is the one.
Would you like to play this song?
Maybe later. Are there some good scary movies online that I could watch?
Would you like 47 Meters Down: Uncaged, In Fabric or Midsommar?
Fabric sounds great.
What else can I help you with?
Can you please play the song you just found?
Please confirm the following details: playing the song Acapella in the Living Room.
Yes, that is correct.
Enjoy your music
Thank you, that is all I need.
Okay, have a great day.
Help me find some entertaining music.
Here are 10 songs that may peak your interest. A popular song right now is Paradise by Bazzi. It's from their album Soul Searching.
Oh that's perfect. I'd love to hear it. How about movies? Particularly ones featuring Gene Rader.
Can you tell me what type of movie you'd like to see?
How about something that's Imaginative fiction? That should do fine.
I have found a movie that fits that description called Close Encounters of the Third Kind.
Is there anything else besides that movie?
I apologize but I cannot find any other movies that match your criteria.
Let's change my criteria then. Try finding a Mystery movie starting Matt Smith.
Official Secrets would be suitable for you.
Yes! Official Secrets sounds like a great time.
I can play the movie for you if you want.
No, not right now. Maybe later.
Okay then. Please allow me to assist you with anything else you might need.
Go ahead and play the song Paradise that you found a moment ago.
You want me to play the song Paradise in the Living Room correct?
Yes please do.
Now playing Paradise. Please enjoy your song.
Awesome. Thank you for helping me find this song. I love it. That's all I need for now.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I fancy listening to some music.
There is a song called Rockabye by Caitlin De Ville and the album is called Covers Collection.
Yes sounds good. Now I want to search for a movie online, something with a Dramatic story would be fab.
What about A Faithful Man, Blinded by the Light or After the Wedding?
After The Wedding is perfect. Now will you play the song you suggested previously?
To confirm I will play Rockabye in the Living Room.
Yes that is right.
Enjoy the song.
When did it come out? 2010?
It was 2018.
thanks for that.
Anything else I can assist you with?
no thank you.
have a lovely day.
Can you find songs for me?
I pulled up 10 right off one is by Shawn Mendes off the album Illuminate and is called Treat You Better. How does that sound?
Sounds good.
Wold you like to listen to it now?
Not right this minute.
Would you like assistance with another task?
Are there any movies I'd like with Madisen Beaty that are online?
What genre would you prefer?
I would enjoy Eccentric story types of movies.
Here's 1 its called Once Upon a Time In Hollywood.
I think I would like that one, Once upon a Time. I am ready to hear that song now please.
Would you like me to cast Treat you Better to the Living Room?
No I want it to go to the speaker in patio.
Alright your requesting that I cast Treat You Better to the Patio right?
That would be correct.
May you experience audio enjoyment as you listen.
Thanks, you can go now.
Have a nice day.
I would like to listen to a song
I suggest you The Night We Met by Lord Huron from the album Strange Trails
I like it! Thanks!
Do you want to listen to the song now?
Not now, thanks. I'll listen to it later
You need anything else?
Yes, I'd like to watch a movie online: I'd rather to watch a ghost movie with Louise Peterhoff
There 1 movie for you: Midsommar
Very good! Midsommar it's fine for me
Want to watch the movie now?
Not now; now I'd rather listen to the song you just found, on the speaker outside
Playing the song The night we Met in Patio: do you confirm?
No, I prefer to listen it on the living room
Playing The Night We Met in Living room: is It correct?
Yes, now It's correct. Is it a pop song?
No, It's a Rock song. Good listening!
Was this song released in '16?
This song was released in 2015
Thanks for the information
Can I help you again?
No, It's all for now, thanks
Have a nice day
I want to listen to Sia songs.
Alive by Sia from This Is Acting is very good.
Yes, that is it!
Do you want to listen to it now?
Later. I want to find Ryan Kiera Armstrong movies. I like dramatic story movies.
I found 1 movie like The Art of Racing in the Rain.
The Art of Racing in the Rain is fantastic.
Do you want to watch the movie now?
No, not now.
Anything else?
Please play the song you found it the kitchen.
Please confirm, playing Alive in the kitchen.
Yes, that kind of music is it? What year did it come out?
It is a pop song from 2013.
Thanks, that is all!
Have a nice day.
I want to find some popular music. If you can, find some music by Pitbull. I really like their music.
I can play Celebrate by Pitbull. It's from his album Globalization.
I do like Pitbull but I don't want that song. Try finding music by Passenger. The album All The Little Lights is extremely popular.
There is 1 song that matches your criteria. The song Let Her Go by Passenger is from their album All The Little Lights. Is that the song you are looking for?
That's it! That's the song I wanted.
Can I help you with anything else at the moment?
While we're on entertainment, find me some good movies online please.
I'd be happy to help. What type of movies do you enjoy?
A family movie featuring Gale J. Odom would be fantastic.
Would the movie Steel Magnolias suit your tastes?
It would more than suit my tastes. Steel Magnolias is a great choice.
Want me to play the movie for you?
No thank you. I'll watch that later. How about playing the song you just found?
I can. Please confirm the information. Now playing the song Let Her Go in the Living Room. Proceed?
That's right. Please play it for me.
Now playing. Please enjoy your song.
Did this song come out two years back by any chance?
It is actually from the year 2012 to be precise.
Ah okay. Thank you for that information!
Did you require assistance with anything else?
No. That's all I need for now. Thanks a lot.
My pleasure. Have a wonderful day.
I'd like to listen a song
There're 10 songs for you. Do you like Taylor Swift? I propose you You Need To Calm Down from the album Lover
Yes, I like it! Can you find me a movie online?
What kind of film do you prefer?
I prefer Cartoon movies!
I've found 2 movies: do you prefer The Angry Birds Movie 2 or Toy Story 4?
I definitely prefer Toy Story 4!
Want to watch this movie right away?
Not now, thanks! Now I want to listen the song
Do you want to play You Need To Calm Down in Living Room?
No, I want to play it on kitchen speaker
Playing You Need To Calm Down in Kitchen: do you confirm?
Yes, I confirm! Is it a pop song? Was it published nine years ago?
Yes, It's a pop song. No, It was published in 2019. Good listening!
Thanks! It's all for now!
Have a great day!
Can you please help me find some Hillbilly songs. I'd particularly enjoy something from the album Chief by Eric Church.
There's 1 song matching your criteria - Springsteen from the album Chief by Eric Church.
Yes, that's perfect.
Do you want me to play it for you?
No, not at the moment. Please find me some Action movies to watch online featuring Darren Eisnor.
Would you like Riot Girls?
Yes, Riot Girls is awesome!
Do you want me to play it for you?
No, not at the moment. Let's play that song that you found earlier.
Can you please confirm that you want me to play Springsteen in the Living Room?
Yes, please do. And also, please tell me when did it came out.
The song came out in 2011. I've started playing it. Enjoy!
Thanks a lot. That will be all for now!
My pleasure! Have a nice day!
I want to search for me songs.I would like something from one years back by Insideeus.
How about album Ecstacy by Insideeus with song called Ecstasy?
What kind of music is that?
It is part of Reggae category.
Yes,I like this one.
You want to to listen to the song?
No.Not now.
Something else I can do for you?
You can find me some good movies online.I really enjoy Funny movies.
What you you think about Chhichhore, Good Boys or My Big Fat Greek Wedding?
Good Boys sounds great.Play for me the song that you just found on kitchen device.
Play the song Ecstasy in Kitchen.Is that correct?
No.I changed my mind cast it on speaker in patio.
Play the song Ecstasy in Patio.Is okay?
Yes is very good.
Enjoy the music!
Thank you very much.That's all that I wanted.
Have a great day!
I want to find some nice songs. Can you find the one which is from one years ago?
yes, I got 10 songs. Do you like the song African Beauty by Diamond Platnumz from the album A Boy From Tandale?
Let me decide, before I need to know the type of this song.
It is Pop type song and hope you like it.
Yes, I like the same. And search also a movie online especially in Documentary type to watch now.
What about the 1 in the name Fiddler: A Miracle of Miracles. Do you like to watch this movie now?
Fiddler: A Miracle of Miracles is the best movie and I like the same. But now I want to listen to the song that I have selected before. Please play it on the living room.
Okay. I need your confirmation to play the song African Beauty in Living Room.
That is correct. Please go ahead.
Enjoy your music and the same was started now.
Thanks and that's all for now.
Have a great day.
Can you find me a pop song by Meghan Trainor from five years ago?
How about All about That Bass by Meghan Trainor from the album Title?
Can you show me some other songs?
Sorry, But there are no other song which meets your requirements. Can I assist you with anything else?
Can you search again for songs by Redfoo from the album Party Rock Mansion?
There is 1 song called New Thang by Redfoo from the album Party Rock Mansion.
Yes, That is the song I am looking for. Now, Find me an online Fantasy movie featuring Warwick Davis.
There is 1 movie called Labyrinth.
Labyrinth sounds perfect to me.
Would you like me to play the movie for you?
No, Maybe some other time.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Play me the song you just found on speaker in patio.
Please confirm: You want me to play New Thang in Patio.
No. Play it on my living room.
Please confirm: you want me to play New Thang in Living room.
Yes, That works for me.
Your music is playing. Enjoy!
Okay. That will be all. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day!
Search for me some songs by Ariana Grande because I really like.
I have 10 options for you.What is your opinion about album Yours Truly by Ariana Grande with song Baby I.
Something else you have?
What is your opinion about album Dangerous Woman by Ariana Grande with song Be Alright?
This song come out in seven years ago?
It is from 2016.
What type of music is ?
Is a Pop song.
I like this one.
You want to play this song?
No, not now maybe later.You can find me some good movies online?
What type of movies you prefer?
Will be great some Fantasy movies.
I have 2 options that you may like.What you think about Labyrinth or The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King?
Something else you have?I really enjoy Suspense movies.
4 movies I have for you.How about Madeline's Madeline, Rojo or The Art of Self-Defense?
Rojo sounds great.
You want to play the movie?
No,not now.
With something else I can help you?
Play the song that you just found.
Play the song Be Alright in Living room.Is okay?
Yes that's good for me.
Enjoy the music.
Thank you very much.
Can I still be useful?
No.Thank you a lot.
Have a nice day!
i want to look for some songs.
how about ecstasy by insideeus off the ecstacy album?
that's a good one. how about some movies? i like movie with shaun dooley.
what genre do you like?
i like mystery movies.
how about Official Secrets?
Official Secrets sounds good.
do you want me to play the movie?
no, not now.
what else is there?
can you play that song you mentioned earlier on the patio?
you want me to play ecstasy on the patio?
yes.
enjoy the song!
thanks, that's it.
have a great day.
I fancy listening to some music, I have been told an album called Prequelle is fab.
What about Dance Macabre by Ghost from Prequelle.
Yes I like the sound of that one. Now what about movies online.
What genre do you prefer?
Maybe an Eccentric story would be good.
There is 1 moved called Once Upon a Time In Hollywood?
Yes Once Upon a Time is brilliant thanks. Now will you play that song you mentioned in the living room.
To confirm then I will play Dance Macabre in the Living Room.
That is right, what genre would you say it is?
It is Metal, I hope you enjoy.
That is all for now, thanks for your help.
have a lovely day.
I need to listen to songs maybe by Enrique Iglesias as he is my favourite singer. Look for something from the Euphoria album.
You can choose from these 2 songs. What about heartbeat by Enrique Iglesias that was in the Euphoria album?
Do you have something else?
Would you like to listen to I Like it in the album Euphoria by Enrique Iglesias?
What genre of music is it and was it seven years back that it came out?
The song is Pop and it came out in the year 2010.
Yeah I was thinking of the same one.
Shall I do anything else for you?
Do you have any nice movies online?
Are there any particular type of movies you prefer?
I do love drama movies.
Would you like A Faithful Man, After The Wedding or Blinded by the Light?
I want something else. Can you suggest something starring Dylan McDermott? I do like Family movies.
I can recommend you 1 movie suited to your taste. Would you like to see Steel Magnolias?
I think Steel Magnolias would be great.
Shall I play that movie?
Not at the moment. I want you to play that song you recommended. I want it played in on any device.
So do you confirm that you want the song I like it played in Living room.
Nope. Play it on speaker in patio.
So confirm that you want to play I like it in Patio?
Yeah sure that is right.
I hope you have fun listening to the music.
Thanks very much.
Shall I help you with any other thing?
Nope thanks a lot
Have a wonderful day!
I want to find a rock-and-roll song please
Sure, I found 10 tracks including Be Somebody by Thousand Foot Krutch off the album The End is Where We Begin that fits your taste
Sure, that's a good one
Want me to play it?
Maybe in a bit, right now though help me find a Suspense movie with Cecil Parker in it
What about The Ladykillers
I love the Ladykillers! Let's play that song we found earlier on my living room speaker
Sure, confirming you want to play Be Somebody in the Living room right?
That is right!
Enjoy the song
Thanks for doing that, that's it
OK, have a great rest of your day
I need to search for songs.
I have 10 songs including sick like me by In This Moment buy Black widow.
Yes that is it.
Do you want to play this song?
is there some dramatic story online maybe later I would like one
would you like a faithful man after the wedding or Blinded by the Light
Will there be anything else
Do you want Brittany runs a marathon live flesh or Hustlers?
Live flesh is good can you play the song you just found
Please confirm the details that were playing sick like me in the living room
No I'd like it cast on the kitchen speaker
Please confirm details Play the song sick like me in the kitchen
Yes that would be it
Enjoy the music
What type of music is it
It would be a metalcore song
What year did it come out
The year is 2014 that it came out
Thanks that will be it
Have a nice day
Help me find some pop songs. Maybe Madonna song, I like her.
How about Batuka by Madonna from the album Madame X?
Do you have other songs?
How about God Control by Madonna from the album Madame X?
Was it released in '19?
Yes, it is from 2019.
Nice. Now help me look for some good movies online.
Is there a genre you like?
Movies that have a Dramatic story.
There's A Faithful Man, After The Wedding, and Blinded By the Light.
I really like A Faithful Man. But can you play the song we talked about earlier on the kitchen device.
I'll play God Control in the kitchen, is that right?
Yes, please play it.
Enjoy the song.
Thanks, that's all I need.
Have a great time listening to the song.
Help me look for Pop songs from 2013. Maybe something by Justin Bieber.
Would you like to listen to All That Matters by Justin Bieber from the album Journals.
Yeah, that would be nice.
What else can I do for you?
Help me look for Ghost movies online.
There are 6 movies that match. How about 47 Meters Down: Uncaged, In Fabric, or Midsommar?
What else is there?
There's also One Cut of the Dead, Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark, and Theatre of Blood.
I like Theatre of Blood.
Would you like me to play that?
No, thanks. I do want the song we talked about to be played on the kitchen speaker.
I'll play All That Matters in the Kitchen, is that right?
Yeah, that's right.
Enjoy the song.
Thanks, that's all I need.
Have a pleasant day.
I'm in the mood for some music. Assistant, search for songs.
From the Album Cloud Nine, the song Carry Me by Kygo is a top choice.
I'm not sure what kind of music that is. Please tell me.
It is classified as Downtempo music.
And in what year did this song debut?
The song debuted in the year 2016.
Oh really? That's a good one then.
Shall I begin playing this song for you?
Not at the moment. Maybe later on.
What can I assist you with then?
I'd be interested in finding some good online movies. A funny movie would nice. Maybe one with Lil Rel Howery?
Would the movie Good Boys be of interest to you?
Do you have any other movies besides that one?
Unfortunately, that is the only movie to match your criteria. Can I assist you with anything else?
Keep looking for movies for me. Try looking for Play movies.
I have found a movie named Brittany Runs a Marathon. Is this of interest to you?
Brittany Runs a Marathon would be just what I'm in the mood for. Let's go back to the music. Play the song you found in the Living room.
Confirm that this is the correct song. Preparing to play Carry Me in the Living Room.
No. Please play the song Carry Me in the Kitchen.
Preparing to play Carry Me in the Kitchen. Shall I proceed?
Yep. Please play the song for me.
The song is now playing in the Kitchen. Enjoy!
Thank you so much! I won't be needing anything else right now.
Please enjoy your music and have a great day.
I want to search for some songs.
How about the song Khuc Hat Mung Sinh Nhat by Phan Dinh Tung from the album Hat Nhan?
Do you have any metal songs?
I found 10 songs. How about A Ghost in the Trenches from the album The Great War by Sabaton?
What else do you have ? I love Pop Songs and heard that album Wake Up Dreaming is good.
How about the song The Zombie Song from the album Wake Up Dreaming by Stephanie Mabey?
Did that come out eight years ago?
It is from 2012.
That's it. Are there any good movies online?
What genre of movies do you like?
I like future scientific fiction movies. I also like Kirk Raymond.
How about Close Encounters of the Third Kind?
Close Encounters of the Third Kind is good. Can you cast that song you found to the speaker outside?
Please confirm you want to play The Zombie Song on the Patio.
Yes.
Enjoy!
Thank you!
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thanks.
Have a great day!
Can you find some songs for me?
Are you interested in The Trip by Still Corners from the album Strange Pleasures?
Yes, I like that one!
Would you like to hear the song now?
No, not at this time! Can you check movies online?
What is your preference of movies?
I like Action movies!
I found The Angel Has Fallen, Hobbs and Shaw, and Mission Mangal.
I like the indian mars movie!
Would you like me to play the movie now?
No, not at this time thanks!
Can I help you with anything else?
I'd like to hear the song you just found on my kitchen speaker.
Please confirm that you would like me to play the song The Trip in the Kitchen.
Yes, that would be great!
I hope you enjoy it!
Thanks!
Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that will be all for now!
Okay, have a great day!
Can you find some pop songs from 2014? Find something from the album Globalization. I've heard it's pretty great and has gotten rave reviews.
I've found 3 songs you may like. How about Celebrate by Pitbull off the album Globalization?
Yeah, that sounds good.
Would you like to play the song now?
Maybe a little later. Can you find any good Thriller movies online? Anything starring Leonard Sharp.
How about The Ladykillers?
Ladykillers sounds great! I may watch it a little later. Can you go ahead and play that Pitbull song for me?
No problem, just confirm the following for me. Playing the song Celebrate by Pitbull in the Living room. Correct?
Yeah, that's right.
Now playing. Enjoy your music.
Thank you! I appreciate it.
Anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's it. Thanks!
My pleasure. Have a good day!
I wanna search for a song from around two years back
How about the song Airplane Mode by Limbo off of their album Holo
Yes that's good, now help me find a Mystery movie with Monica Dolan in it
There's 1 movie you might like called Official Secrets
I wanna watch Official Secrets!
Do you want me to play it then?
No not right now, but play that song earlier on the patio device
Confirming you want Airplane Mode played on your patio?
Yes that's right
Enjoy the song!
Thanks for that
Can I do anything else for you?
No that's all thanks!
You're very welcome
Find me some Pop songs from '19 on the Ores Aixmis album.
Do you like Nixta Ginontai Ta Thavmata by Malou Kyriakopoulou on the Ores Aixmis album?
That is perfect. Find me a movie to watch on the Internet.
What genre of movies shall I look in?
Search for Sci-fi movies starring Cy Young.
Do you like Close Encounters of the Third Kind?
I love Close Encounters of the Third Kind.
Shall I cast the movie for you now?
No, not right now.
Do you need anything else?
Cast that song from before to the speaker outside.
You wish to cast the song Nixta Ginontai Ta Thavmata to the Patio, correct?
That is right.
Your song has started.
Thanks a bunch. That is everything for now.
Have a great day.
Could you assist me to find some songs? I love Popular songs, song by Kesha and I have been told an album called Rainbow is fab.
There is 1 song called Praying by Kesha from the album Rainbow.
Was it out about five years ago?
it was released in 2017.
Yes that is the correct one. Now could you recommend any good online movies?
What genre do you prefer?
Crime story movies are my thing.
What do you think of Pulp Fiction.
Pulp Fiction is a brilliant movie.
Will i play it for you?
not right now.
What else can I assist you with?
Will you play that song by Kesha?
To confirm then Praying will play in the Living Room.
yes that is right.
Enjoy the song.
that is all I need, thanks.
have a lovely day.
I'm in the mood for music. Can you find me some songs?
How about Judas from the album Born This Way by Lady Gaga?
What other songs can you find?
There's Honeymoon Avenue by Ariana Grande from the Yours Truly album.
That sounds good.
Shall I play it now?
Not just yet.
Is there anything else you need?
Can you look up some movies online?
What kind of movie do you feel like watching?
A good suspense would be great.
How about Madeline's Madeline, Rojo or the Art of Self-Defense?
What else do you have? I'd like to see a play movie featuring Grady Sutton.
How about Stage Door?
Stage Door sounds good. Can you play the song now on the patio speaker?
To confirm: You would like to hear Honeymoon Avenue on the patio.
That's right. What genre is that considered?
It's considered a pop song.
Great. Thanks. That's all I need for now.
Have a wonderful day and enjoy the music.
Would you search me some songs from the album Joanne
What is your opinion about Million Reasons from the album Joanne by Lady Gaga.
Okay..this is perfect..Do you know any good online movies acted by Prashant Narayanan.
What type of movie you want?
I like comedy movies
What is your opinion about Chhichhore?
Oh...Chhichhore is a good movie.
Can i play this movie for you?
Sorry, i don't want to watch now.
Any other help you want?
I want you to play the song you just found for me.
Please give confirmation details: Running the song Million Reasons in Living Room.
Sorry..run it on Patio.
Please give confirmation details: Running the song Million Reasons in Patio
Sorry...play it on my Kitchen
Please give confirmation details:Running the song Million Reasons in Kitchen.
This is fine..Can i know the type of music? Is it come out in one years ago?
This song is a pop song from the year 2016. Have fun with your music.
Thanks a lot.
Any other help you want?
No, thank you so much.
Have a great day.
I'm about to do my workout and I'd like to play some songs. I'm really into House music and I heard that The Martin Garrix Experience album is great.
Okay, what about No Sleep by Martin Garrix from The Martin Garrix Experience album?
Did that come out in '16?
It was released in 2019.
Okay, that's the one I want.
Would you like me to play the song?
In a little while. Also, are there any good movies playing online? I like anything with Adam Sietz. Play movies are good too.
I found 1 movie you might like. It's called Brittany Runs a Marathon.
Brittany Runs a Marathon would be great. Can you play that song you just found?
Okay, let's confirm: I'm playing the song No Sleep in the living room.
Yes, sounds good.
Enjoy your music!
Thanks a lot!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you!
Have a great day!
Can you search for some songs?
I found 10 songs. How about A Ghost In The Trenches by Sabaton? It is from the album The Great War.
Yes, that sounds like the one.
Do you need help with anything else?
Can you find me some good John Travolta movies online? Cult movies would be great, as well.
How about Pulp Fiction?
Pulp Fiction is perfect. Will you play that song that you found?
Confirming that you want me to play the song A Ghost In The Trenches in the Living room?
Yes, that's correct. Can you tell me what year the song came out?
The song is from the year 2019. Enjoy your music.
Thank you!
Anything else I can help you with?
No. Thanks a lot!
You're welcome. Have a good day.
life will be fun if we hear some good songs. Please find me some good songs for me now?
What do you think about Under your scars by Godsmack from the album When Legends Rise?
Whether this song come out in six years back?
no, it is from the year 2018.
ok that's the one i searched for. Whether is there any good movies online?
What type of movies you mostly prefer?
Ghost movies is the one i need.
what about 47 meters down: uncaged, In fabric or Midsommar?
Uncaged is great. will you play the song which you found before? Play it on any devie.
please check and review the following details. Playing the song under your scars in Living room.
ok thats great. thats all i need.
Enjoy your music
thanks a lot.
whether i need to do anything else?
no, thanks for now.
bye , take care have a wonderful day
Are there songs like Reggae by Vybz Kartel of 2019?
1 song is there from Sexability by Vybz Kartel, the Fuckability.
I like that.
Shall I play it now.
Not now, search good movies online.
What type movies you like.
Comedy will do.
What about, Chhichhore, Good Boys or My Big Fat Greek Wedding?
Search for something else like Violent movies as Brad parker.
You have 1 movie Pulp Fiction.
Pulp Fiction is nice. Now play the song we selected.
Please confirm, you want to hear Fuckability in Living Room.
Fine, thats all.
Please listen to the song.
Thank you very much.
Any other service?
No thats all.
Great day, see later.
Can you find me Metal songs by Jinjer?
How about Pisces by Jinjer from album King Of Everything?
Can you tell me the year it came out?
I was launched in the year 2016.
Yes, That is the song I am looking for.
Do you want me to play the song for you?
Not now. Can you look for good movies featuring Bruce Willis by Cult?
What do you think of Pulp Fiction?
Pulp Fiction sounds good. I would like you to play the song you found on any device.
Please confirm: You want me to play the song Pisces in Living room.
No, Please play it on the speaker outside.
Please confirm: You want me to play the song Pisces in Patio.
Yes, That sounds good.
Your music is playing. Enjoy!
Okay. That will be all. Thank you so much!
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day!
I need to search for songs now and I love pop ones. Please find me something from seven years ago maybe the album Halcyon because it is great.
I found 1 song. What are your thoughts on Burn by Ellie Goulding from the album Halcyon?
Yes, that is one for me. Do you see some good movies online?
What genre of movies do you like?
A dramatic story movie would be good.
Would you like A Faithful Man, After the Wedding, or Blinded by the Light?
A Faithful Man is good.
Would you want to play the movie?
No, I don't wish to now but can you play the song you just found?
Please confirm the details for the playing the song Burn in Living Room.
No, please cast it on patio device.
Please confirm details about playing the song Burn in Patio.
Yes, that is the one.
Please enjoy the music.
Thanks so much. That is it.
Have a nice day.
I am in a nice mood and I like to listen to some nice songs. Can you search for something best for me?
Yes, what about your opinion on Carry Me by Kygo from the album Cloud Nine?
Yes, it is good. Now, I am thinking about to watch a Movie full of song and I especially the one featuring Michelle Phillips.
I got 1 movie which is Echo In The Canyon and do you like the same?
Yes, Echo In The Canyon is a nice movie and thanks.
Shall I play it for you now?
No, not now.
Anything else you want from me?
Yes, I want you to play the song that I have selected before.
Please confirm to play the song Carry Me in the Living room speaker.
Yes, confirmed, go ahead.
The song was started playing now and you can enjoy it.
Thanks and that's all.
Have a great day.
I want to find a song to listen to
What about Neon Lights by Demi Lovato on her album Demi?
Yes that sounds good. Now help me find a film to watch
What kind of film?
I want something with a Bizarre story
What about Once upon a time in hollywood? It's 1 of the movies that fits your genre
Yeah, Once upon a time in hollywood sounds great. Can you play that Demi song now
Alright, playing Neon Lights in your Living Room?
Yes please, that's right
Enjoy the song
What genre is this again?
It's a pop song
Good to know, that's all for now, thanks for your help
Glad to be of assistance
I need to hear some beautiful song. will you search for songs now? The songs should be from the year 2014.
I found 10 songs as per your need. What about the song Addicted by Popcaan from the album Where we come from?
ok thats great. Whether there are some good movies online? Find some scary movies.
There are 6 movies as per your need. DO you like 47 Meters down: uncaged, In Fabric or Midsommar?
Ok Midsommar is great.
Whether i need to play that movie?
no, i don't want it now. will you paly the song you find just before?
Please confirm the following details: Playing the song Addicted in Living room.
Ok that sound good to me. What type of music is it?
It is a Reggae song . Enjoy the music Addicted.
THanks a lot . thats all i need.
whether i need to find anything else?
no , thanks for now.
have a wonderful day
I want to listen to some music, imagine dragons would be awesome, somebody told me about the night visions album
there's the song radioactive by imagine dragons and it's from the album night visions as you wished.
I love that song! Tell me one more thing, do you know if there are good movies online? I would love to watch a play movie
I got 10 for you. What about a faithful man, after the wedding or blinded by the light?
after the wedding will work for me
May I play it now?
No, not now
what can I do then?
play the song you found earlier, play it on any device
Confirm me if this is what you asked. you want me to play the song radioactive in living room
exactly. an you tell me the genre it belongs to? do you also know if the song came out in '11?
it's a rock song from 2012
you're precious!
thank you. May I help you furthermore?
No, that would be all. cheers
Goodbye
Can you find me some songs?
Sure. I found 10 songs for you. How about Sick Love Red Hot Chili Peppers? It is from the album The Getaway.
What genre is this? What year was it released?
It is a Rock song from the year 2016.
Yes, that's the one I want. Can you find me some good Julia Stiles movies online?
What genre would you like?
Play movies would be nice.
How about the movie Hustlers?
Hustlers would be great. Can you play that song that you just found? Play it on any device.
I will play the song Sick Love in the Living room. Is this correct?
No. Cast it on the speaker in kitchen.
Confirming that you want me to play the song Sick Love in the Kitchen?
Yes, that is correct.
Enjoy your music!
Thank you. That's all for now.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
I would like to search for some songs please.
I found 10 songs for you. How about Tyrant by Kali Uchis from the album Isolation?
What kind of music is it?
It is a funk song.
Yes, that sounds cool. Are there some good movies online? I like action movies featuring Piper Perabo.
How about Angel Has Fallen?
Angel Has Fallen sounds great. Can you please play the song that you just found?
Please confirm the following details: playing the song Tyrant in the Living Room.
Yes, that is correct. Did the song come out five years ago?
The song is from 2016. Enjoy your music.
Thank you, that is all for now.
Okay, have a good day!
I'd like to search for songs on the Holo album.
How about Airplane Mode by Limbo on the Holo album.
What kind of music and what year was it released?
It's a pop song from 2017.
Okay, that's what I want. What are some good movies online?
What kind do you like?
I'm looking for something supernatural.
There's 1 you may like, IT Chapter Two.
IT2 is great, I'll remember that for later. For now, can you play that song we just talked about on any device?
Sure, please confirm you'd like me to play Airplane Mode in the Living room.
Yup, thank you.
Hope you enjoy!
That's all for now.
Enjoy your day!
Hey, I feel like listening to some tunes right now. Can you play me something by Carrie Underwood? Pop music is my jam.
What about the song Southbound from the album Cry Pretty? It's one of the Carrie Underwood classics.
Yes, I love it. Any good movies available today?
What kind do you usually like to watch?
I really like thriller ones.
I found 4 you may enjoy. Madeline's Madeline, Rojo and The Art of Self-Defense are a few of the options.
Anything else? I love the ones with Katie Johnson.
I found 1 with him. It's called The Ladykillers, do you want to watch it?
The Ladykillers does sound awesome. Can you play me the song you found, by the way? Whatever device is fine.
So the song Southbound on the living room device?
Yes, that's it.
Enjoy the song!
Thanks a lot.
Can I help you some more?
No, thanks. That's it.
Have a great day!
Can you search for a popular song for me to listen to?
I've found 10 songs. Would you like to hear Acapella by Karmin from their album Pulses?
Maybe. Is that the song that came out seven years back?
The song came out in 2013.
That's the one! Can you find me some good movies online?
What kind of movies do you like?
I like Dramatic story movies, maybe someting featuring Brandon Keener.
I've found 1 movie you may like. How about Hustlers?
Hustlers sounds great. I don't want to watch it right now though. Can you play the song you just found though? You can play it on any device.
Please confirm that you would like me to play the song Acapella in area Living room.
Yes, I confirm that.
Enjoy the music and let me know if you need anything else.
Thank you. That will be all for now. I'll talk to you later.
You're welcome. Good bye.
Can you help me find some good songs to listen to? I'm looking for music are '10. I hear that the album Speak Now is great. Can you find something off of there?
No problem. I've found 3 songs off the album Speak Now. How about Long Live by Taylor Swift?
Okay, that sounds great.
Would you like to play the song now?
No, maybe later. Can you find any good movies online for me? I'd like to find something with a nice Dramatic story. I really like Trace Lysette, so if you can find something starring them that would be great.
I've found 1 movie for you. How about the movie Hustlers?
Okay, I've heard of Hustlers. That sounds great.
Would you like to play the movie now?
No, not right now. Thanks for finding it for me though.
Anything else I can help with?
Yeah, can you go ahead and play that Taylor Swift song you found earlier?
Sure thing, just confirm the following for me first. Playing song Long Live in the Living room. Correct?
Yes, that's correct. Can you tell me what genre it is?
No problem. It's a Pop song. Your music is now playing, enjoy!
Thanks! That's all for now.
My pleasure. Have a good day.
can you look for songs?
there's Salam Alaikum by Harris J off the Salam album.
when did it come out? what genre is it?
it's a pop song from 2015.
that's the one. are there any good films online?
what genre do you like?
i like sci-fi movies.
there's 2 i found for you. how about Ad Astra or Close Encounters of the Third Kind?
Ad Astra works for me. Can you play the song you mentioned earlier?
you want me to play salam alaikum in the living room?
yes.
enjoy the song!
thanks!
is there anything else?
no, thanks.
have a great day.
How's the weather in LA on March 9th?
The average temperature for the day is expected to be 94 degrees Fahrenheit with a 13 percent chance of rain.
Thank you. Can you find me a one way flight from London, UK, to go there?
Are you planning to leave on March 9th?
I'll be departing on Tuesday next week.
There are 4 suitable flights. Would you like to consider an American Airlines direct flight that leaves at 12:45 pm, for $292 per ticket?
How many people is the the cost for and in which class?
The price is for 1 traveler in Economy class.
Find me another option. I'm okay with any class.
How about the British Airways direct flight that departs at 2:30 pm and costs $410 per ticket?
Can you find me other options that are available on March 9th? I'm not looking for any specific airline.
There are 2 suitable flights and one of them is a Delta Airlines flight that leaves at 9:30 am and has a layover. The ticket price is $386.
That one sounds good. Can you find me a Sedan that I can rent once I get there? I'll need it by 7:30 in the evening and will return it on the 12th of this month.
Will you be picking up the car on March 9th?
No, I only need it on March 11th.
The is a nice Hyundai Ioniq Sedan available for pickup from the LAX International Airport. Is that okay?
Sounds good to me.
Shall I book the car for you?
Not now; I'll do it later. That's all I need for now.
Have a great day!
I want to check about the weather condition in American canyon on 12th of March for which I need your help.
Please note that the average temperature on that day will be 75 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 15 percent for rain fall there on that day.
Please check the same on the 11th in London also.
Please note that the average temperature on that day will be 71 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 15 percent for rain fall there on that day.
And what about Humidity? Please check it in average.
It will be around 41 percent.
Then also check about wind speed.
It will be around 11 miles per hour in average. Anymore information you need to check?
That's enough and thank you. Now I want to search for a one-way flight to go there.
Do you want the flight on March 11th? If so, from which City you need the flight?
I need to take the flight from Seattle, WA and please find it on 7th of this month.
I searched and got 2 results. One is an onward flight from Alaska Airlines which is going to be take off at 7:05 am for the cost $398. What about your opinion on this flight?
This is okay to me and thanks. Please search for a car to go there and I need it for rent.
Please confirm whether you want the car for rent on March 11th or March 7th and tell me the number of days you want the car and also let me know your convenient time to book the same.
Book the car for pick up at quarter to 3 in the afternoon from next Friday to 12th of March.
Okay, How about a Sedan Audi A8 Car available for pick up at Heathrow International Airport?
I think this will be the suitable one for me.
What else you want from me?
No, thanks and that's all.
Have a great day.
What is the weather suppose to be on the 8th of this month in San Diego?
The average temperature is 93 degrees with a 6 percent chance of rain.
What is the average wind and humidity?
The wind is usually around 5 mph and the humidity averages 18 percent.
I also need a one way flight going there on the 6th. I am leaving from SFO.
Alaska Airlines has a flight leaving at 12:25 pm. The ticket is $104.
Awesome! I need a rental car there too. I'll pick it up on the 7th of this month and drop it off on the 10th of March.
What time do you need the car?
14:30.
I found a SUV, a Citroen C5 at SAN International Airport.
That is all I need, thanks!
Have a nice day.
Can you check the weather for me?
In which city?
I want to see the weather in Mexico City on the 14th of this month.
The average temperature will be 92 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
Okay, that sounds great. Can you find me a one-way flight there? I'll be traveling from Portland on Wednesday next week. Any airline will do.
Do you want to fly with Alaska Airlines? I found a flight for you at 3:10 pm for $251 with one layover.
That sounds great. Can you find me a rental car there?
Do you want to pick the car up on March 14th? When will you be returning it? What time do you want to pick it up?
I'll need it from the 9th of this month until the 14th of this month. I'll pick up at half past 10 in the morning.
There's a great option available at Benito Juarez International Airport. It's a SUV Citroen C5.
How much will that be per day?
It'll be $30.00 per day.
That sounds great. That's all I need.
Thanks, have a great day.
What will the weather be in Marshall on the 1st of this month?
There will be a 5 percent change of rain with an average temperature of 86 degrees.
OK, What is the weather forecast for Delhi, India on the 10th of March?
It is expected to be 102 degrees on average that day with inly a 4 percent chance of rain.
Will it be very humid or windy?
The wind is predicted to be around 4 miles per hour and the humidity should be about 18 percent.
Alright, can you help me find a one-way flight there?
Sure, will you be flying out on March 10th?
Yes, that is when I would like to leave.
What city will be you flying from?
I need a flight that leaves from NYC please.
OK, there are 2 flights available. Southwest Airlines has a flight that leaves at 3:45 pm and costs $232.
What type of ticket is that? I just need 1 ticket.
That is the price for 1 Economy class ticket.
That works. I will need a rental car for my trip. I will need it beginning at 5 in the evening on the 11th and prefer a hatchback car.
How long do you need the car for?
I will return it on the 13th.
I found 4 cars for you. There is a Hatchback Fiat Panda available at the Indira Gandhi International Airport.
That would work great.
Shouold I reserve the car for you?
No, I don't want to reserve it just yet.
Aliright, can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all I needed.
OK. Have a wonderful day.
What will the weather in Portland be on the 14th?
The average temperature will be 57 Fahrenheit with a 13 percent chance of rain.
What about the wind speed?
There will be a wind speed of 6 miles per hour.
What about the humidity
The humidity will be approximately 20 percent.
I would like a one way ticket to get there.
What is your departure city and will your departure date be March 14th?
I'm looking for flights from SD on March 10th.
There is a direct Alaska Airlines flight departing at 2:20 pm for a total of $139.
Great. Can you also help me find a rental car.
What is your pick up time?
Picking up at evening 7:30.
Is your pick up date March 10th and what is your drop off date?
I will need the rental from March 11th until the 14th.
There is a SUV Alfa Romeo Stelvio available at Portland Bus Station.
Is there anything else?
There is a SUV Dacia Duster at Portland Bus Station.
What is the daily cost?
Is is $42.00 per day.
Great. That will be all.
Okay. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Can I get the Portland, OR weather forecast for the 13th of this month?
Portland is going to have an average temperature of 58 degrees Fahrenheit on that day with the chance of rain at 24 percent.
How about the humidity?
On that day, it'll be 13 percent.
And what about the wind conditions?
It should be a 15 mile-per-hour wind speed that day.
All right, thanks. I also need a one-way flight on any airline please.
Is that on March 13th? And where would be leaving from?
From Paris, France please. And it would be for March 8th.
How about a flight on Air France at 7:35 am? It's a layover flight and the fare is $326.
For how many people and what's the arrival time?
For 1 traveler and it's a 5:48 pm arrival time.
Great, thanks. And could I get a rental vehicle there please at 19:30?
For how long? And are planning on a March 8th pickup?
No, the 13th of this month and I would return it on the 14th of this month.
I have 10 possible cars for you. If you would like an SUV, I have an Alfa Romeo Stelvio available for pickup from Portland Bus Station.
That would work, I think
Shall I book that for you?
Not now, thank you.
How else may I help you?
Nope, thank for everything.
You're very welcome, thank you.
Please check the weather forecast for me.
Ok what city should I check the forecast in?
Please check the weather in San Francisco on the 9th of March.
The weather on that day should be around 70 degrees Fahrenheit with a 2 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity supposed to be?
The humidity on that day should be about 16 percent.
Is it going to be windy?
The wind speed on that day should be about 9 miles per hour.
Ok, great. I'd like to book a one-way flight there.
What city will you be departing from and is this on March 9th?
I'd like three tickets and I want to depart on March 7th from Washington.
How about travelling with American Airlines? The flight will takeoff at 10:30 am and has a layover. The price of the ticket will be $269.
That works for me. Can you also book me a rental car there? I'd like to pick up the car at 17:15 and I need it from the 9th of March until March 13th.
I managed to find 10 cars. There's a Salesforce Transit Center that have a car you may like. It's a Sedan Audi A8.
What is the cost of the rental per day?
The cost of the rental is $25.00 per day.
That's all I needed, thank you so much.
Have a wonderful day!
I'd like to check the weather in Chicago.
The average temperature is 73 Fahrenheit with a 29 percent chance of rain.
Okay. I want to book a one-way flight there.
What city are you leaving from? Are you leaving on March 1st?
Yes please. I'm leaving from CDMX.
I found 3 flights. There is an American Airlines flight that takes off at 4:25 pm for $285.
Is it for 1 person?
Yes, 1 person.
Is it a business class ticket? When does the flight arrive at the destination?
It is economy class seating and arrives at 3:57 am.
Ok sounds great.
Anything else I can do for you?
I'd like to find a rental car. I need it from the 10th of this month to the 11th of this month.
When do you want to pick it up?
I'd like to pick it up at 5 o'clock in the evening.
I found 10 cars available. There is a SUV Dacia Duster available at Chicago Union Station.
Okay, sounds good.
Would you like to reserve this car?
No, not right now. Thanks.
Have a great day!
I want to check the weather for Wednesday next week.
What city would you like to check?
I want the weather in Cotati
The average temperature should be 93 Fahrenheit with a 27 percent chance of rain.
What will the humidity be? Is it going to be windy?
The humidity is projected to be around 41 percent with a wind speed of 9 miles per hour.
What will the weather be in Chicago on Monday next week?
The average temperature should be 65 degrees Fahrenheit with a 35 percent chance of rain.
Thank you. I want to find a one-way flight there.
Do you want to leave on March 4th?
I am leaving on the 2nd of March.
What city are you departing from?
I'm leaving from New York City.
I found 4 flights. There is an American Airlines flight that leaves at 11:20 am with one layover for $190.
When will my flight arrive?
The flight arrives in Chicago at 3:06 pm.
Great. Can you find a rental car there? I'd like to pick it up at 5:15 pm on the 10th of March.
How long do you need the car?
I need it until the 12th of this month.
.I found 10 cars. There is a SUV Dacia Duster at Chicago Union Station
That sounds good.
Anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all. Thank you.
Have a great day!
Can you show me the weather of New York on the 4th?
The expected temperature will be 59 degrees Fahrenheit with 22 percent chance of rain.
Can you check for the wind speed that day?
The expected average wind speed is 8 mph.
Okay, great. I wold like to book a one-way flight.
What is your city of departure?
I am looking for a flight from Mexico City on 3rd of March.
How about American Airlines, whose onward direct flight departs at 2:05 am with the ticket cost of $163?
Can you check whether it is premium Economy class tickets and the price is for 4 people?
No, It is an Economy -class ticket and the fare is for 1 passenger.
That sounds good. I want to book any type of rental car till March 10th.
Would you like to book the car from March 3rd?
I want to book the car from the 7th.
What will be the time of pickup?
The time of pickup will be four in the evening.
How about a nice SUV Alfa Romeo Stelvio car available for pickup at Port Authority Station.
Can you find me the price per day?
The price per day is $36.00.
That sounds great to me. That will be all for now. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. have a nice day.
Whats the current weather at the moment?
Any particular city that you want to check the weather at the moment?
Check the current weather in Vallejo.
Average temperatures in Vallejo for today is 83 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 10 percent chance of rain.
How about the weather in SF on the 10th?
For SF on the 10th, the average temperatures is expected to be 93 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 12 percent chance of rain.
What about the humidity, whats that going to be like on that day?
Humidity is expected to be around 26 percent.
How about wind conditions, how windy is it going to be?
Wind speed should be on average about 6 miles per hour.
Thanks for all the info, I appreciate it.
Is there anything else you need assistance on?
Can you find me a one-way flight going there?
From which city will you depart in plane from?
I want to depart from New York City.
Will you be leaving on March 10th?
No, actually I want to start my travel on the 8th of March.
There is an American Airlines direct flight that takes off at 12:30 pm, it costs $187, will that suffice?
Can you find me something else?
What about a Delta Airlines direct flight that costs $212, this flight takes off at 9:35 pm?
Will that flight be a business class ticket, and when does the flight arrive at my destination?
The flight will arrive at 1:01 am, and it is an economy class seat.
That sounds good, can you find me a rental car in that area?
When will you drop off the rental car?
The rental car will be needed until the 12th of March.
At what time will you pick up the car, and will it be on March 8th, March 10th, or another date?
The car will be picked up on the 11th at evening 5:45.
I found 7 cars available, there is a sedan available at Salesforce Transit Center, are you interested in an Audi A8?
That car sounds enticing, thanks for finding it.
Will that be all for today, or can I help you with anything else?
That will be all for today, thanks for all the help.
Your welcome, enjoy the rest of your day.
Can you tell me what the weather in SF is expected to be today?
There is a 29 percent chance of rain and the average temperature will be 91 degrees Fahrenheit.
Great. Can you help me find a one way flight there?
I'd be happy to. Where will you be traveling from and will you be leaving on March 1st?
Yes, I'm looking for flights from Rio.
There is 1 flight with LATAM Brasil available. Tickets cost $414 and the flight leaves at 0:50 am with 1 layover.
That will work for me. I also need to get a rental car once I'm there.
Will you be picking up the car on March 1st? If so, what time? How long will you need the reservation?
I'd like to pick it up on the 7th of this month at evening 5:30. I'll return it on the 8th.
There are 10 options for you to choose from. May I suggest a Sedan Audi A8 available at Salesforce Transit Center.
That sounds fine.
Do you need any further assistance?
Not right now. Thank you for the help.
You're welcome. Enjoy your flight!
I am going to be outside. Let me know the weather forecast please.
I will check the weather but I need to know the city you need the weather checked in.
New Delhi is the place I need the weather checked for.
New Delhi has a forecast predicting a 4 percent chance of showers. You should expect the temperature during the day to be 99 degrees Fahrenheit.
Thank you. Will you also check for a one-way flight to New Delhi.
Where would you like your flight to take off from? Is the date of travel March 1st?
I would like to board the plane in Las Vegas. The date is correct.
One of 2 one-way flights found is on American Airlines. The plane leaves at 10:25 am, the price is $339. This flight has a layover.
Great. I also need to rent a vehicle at my destination. The dates for the car rental will be the 11th until March 13th.
At what hour do you prefer to pick up the vehicle?
I would like to get the car rental at 6:30 pm.
Indira Gandhi International Airport is showing 8 rental cars available. One of the cars is a lovely Sedan Audi A8.
I would like to hear more rental car choices please.
Another good rental choice at the Indira Gandhi International Airport is a Hatchback Fiat Panda.
I like that choice.
I can reserve the vehicle for you if you wish.
Not at the moment but thanks. I do not need any more help.
Hope your day goes well.
I'd like to check the weather in toronto, canada
The average temp there will be 58 degrees with a 13 % chance of rain.
How humid and windy will it be?
The humidity will be around 25 %, with a wind speed of 9 mph.
Could you find me a plane ticket there, a premium economy one?
Where should it depart from, and when, march 1st?
Yes, leaving from philly.
Would you like to fly with american airlines? It leaves at 5:45 pm for $323.
How many people is this for?
1
Find me something else, I'd like to fly with united airlines frmo washington.
I have 1 option. how about united airlines leaving at 3:05 pm for $144.
How many people is this for, and when does it arrive at my destination?
It is for 1 leaving at 4:30 pm.
That works. Could you find me a rental there? I want to pick it up at 8:30 in the night until the 11th of this month.
Do you want the car from march 1st?
No, the 4th of this month.
There's a nice Dacia Duster, an SUV at the toronto pearson international airport
That works.
Would you like anything else?
No thanks.
have a good day.
Can you tell me what the weather will be like in Vancouver on the 4th?
It will be 58 degrees fahrenheit with a 49 % of rain.
will it be humid?
around 54 % humidity.
ok thanks, now can you help me get a flight there.
which dity will you be leaving from?
I need 3 premium economy tickets from LA.
will you be leaving on March 4th?
I want to leave this Saturday.
There are 3 flights. There is one with Alaska Airlines leaving at 8:10 am costing $225.
At what time will it arrive at LA?
At 11:14 am.
That is fine, now could you help me get a rental car?
What date will you return the car and at what time do you want to pick up the car?
The 11th and 3 in the afternoon is when I will pick the car up.
Do you need the car from March 2nd?
no 8th of this month.
There is a Sedan Audi A8 available at Pacific Central Station.
Is there anything else?
There is a SUV Dacia Duster available at YVR International Airport.
How much is it?
It is $51.00 per day.
that sounds fine.
Do you want to book the car?
not right now.
Can I assist you with anything else?
no that is everything, thanks.
have a lovely day.
What's the weather like in LA?
It will be 76 degrees and there is a 28 % chance of rain.
What will be the humidity and how windy do you think it will be?
Humidity in LA will be about 75 % and winds are light at 4 MPH.
Fine, get me four tickets for a flight.
Which city will you leave?
Vegas baby.
Will you leave on March 1st.
I concur with that.
You have 4 choices. Alphabetically first is American Airlines. It takes off at 10:25 am. It costs $84.
Fine, what about a rental car there. I can pick it up on the 3rd and will need a SUV at 1:45 in the afternoon.
When will you return the SUV?
I'll return it on the 4th of this month.
Well, there are 5 choices. You can get a SUV Dacia Duster at LAX International Airport.
Fine, that sounds good.
What more might you like?
Nothing, I'm good.
Have a great trip.
Can you help me check the weather please
What city are we looking at
I want to see what it's like in Vegas
It's gonna be 84 degrees with an 18 percent chance of rain
Good to know, now find me a one-way flight there
Are you leaving on March 1st? If so where are you departing from?
Yup, and I'll be coming from Paris, France
Do you want to catch the 7:35 am flight with a layover via Air France? It'll be $356
That's great, now I need a rental car there that I can pick up at 4:15 pm
Do you want the car from March 1st? And for how long?
I need it on the 3rd of March till Thursday next week actually
There's a Audi A8 sedan from Union Plaza you might like
How much is that daily?
It's $27.00 a day
Alright then, that's all, see you
See you, bye!
Can you provide the weather forecast in Chicago for me please?
Yes. The forecast predicts a 29 percent possibility of showers. The temperature throughout the day is predicted to average 73 degrees Fahrenheit.
How muggy is it predicted to be? Also check how breezy it is expected to be please.
The atmospheric moisture is expected to be 29 percent. The breezes are expected to average 15 miles an hour.
I see. Please help me get a plane ride there. I prefer flying with Alaska Airlines. Economy seating will be just fine. I need to leave March 1st.
Where would you like the trip to start?
The airport should be somewhere in SF.
Alaska Airlines has a flight with no stops. The departure time is 6:10 am. The current price for the flight is $188.
I see. I also need help renting a vehicle there please.
Would March 1st be the day you prefer to pick up the rental?
Next Tuesday would be best for me.
Please provide a time of day that is best for you to pick up the car and the best date to return the car.
The rental should start at 3:45 in the afternoon. I would like to have it until the 9th.
I would suggest a SUV Dacia Duster. This vehicle can be picked up at Chicago Union Station.
What are my other choices if any?
O'Hare International Airport has a Sedan Dodge Charger available.
Hmmm, what other cars are available?
O'Hare International Airport also has a Hatchback Fiat Panda as a choice.
I like that.
I can assist you with other needs if you like/
Thanks but I am all set for now.
Stay well!
Tell me about the weather for the date of March 4th.
I can do that for you if you provide the city name.
I want information on weather in Tomales.
In Tomales, the average temperature is 85 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 28 percent of there being rainfall.
Okay tell me about another city. This time, tell me the forecast for next Tuesday in Toronto.
There is a 55 percent chance of there being rain in Toronto. The temperature will hover around 66 degrees Fahrenheit.
What is the humidity and wind speed for that day?
The humidity is around 23 percent with a wind speed of 12 miles per hour.
That's all I need concerning forecasts. I want one ticket for a one-way flight to Toronto. Can you assist me?
Will you be departing on March 5th? If so, what city will you be flying out of?
I'll be traveling starting on the 1st. Find me Economy class tickets for flights leaving from SFO and heading to Toronto.
4 flights match your needs. A ticket with a cost of $240 will fly with you American Airlines. The flight leaves at 4 am.
It leaves at 4 am but when will it arrive in Toronto?
The onward flight will be arriving at 7:34 pm.
That sounds fine to me. Thank you.
Do you require any other assistance with your trip?
Now that you ask, I do need help with finding a rental car. Wanna help?
Certainly. Do you plan to pick up the car on March 1st?
I'll be needing it on March 12th.
How long will you need the car and what time can I set for you to pick it up?
I'll pick up the car at 20:15 and return it on the 14th of March.
Would you like a Sedan? There is a Buick Regal Sportback ready for rental at Toronto Pearson International Airport.
How much will it cost to rent that per day?
It will cost you $38.00 a day to rent the car.
That's not too bad. Sounds pretty good actually.
Do you need help with anything else involving your trip?
That will be all. I appreciate everything you helped me with
Have a great day today. Bye for now.
Hey, check the weather in San Francisco for me.
Sure thing. The average temperature is 91 degrees Fahrenheit with a 29 percent chance of rain.
What's the wind speed and humidity like?
The humidity is around 49 percent and wind speed will be around 2 miles per hour.
Okay, thanks alot. Can you find 2 tickets for a one-way flight there? I'd prefer to fly with American Airlines if I can.
Where are you departing from? Are you leaving on March 1st?
Yeah, March 1st is right. We are flying out of London, England.
Okay, I've found a nice flight with American Airlines for you. The tickets will be $353 and the flight will depart at 12:45 pm. Is this what you're looking for?
Yeah, sounds good to me. thanks.
Anything else I can help you with today?
Yeah, I also need a rental car. I will need to have it until March 9th.
Will you need the car on March 1st as well?
I need to get the car next Thursday.
Okay, what time will you need to pick up the car?
I'd like to pick it up in the morning 9:45.
Okay. How would you like a nice Sedan Audi A8? There is one available at the Salesforce Transit Center.
How much will it cost per day?
The vehicle will be $32.00 a day.
Okay, sounds good. That's all for now.
My pleasure. Have a good day.
What will the weather in San Diego be like.
The average temperature will be 90 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
I'm also looking for an economy one-way flight to go there.
Will you be leaving on March 1st?
Yes and will need three ticket with American Airlines.
What is your departure city?
Leaving from Las Vegas.
Is you preferred airline American Airlines? There is a direct flight taking off at 11:05 pm for a cost of $85.
At what time does the departure flight arrive.
The departure flight arrives of 0:19 am.
Great, I will also need a rental sedan to be picked up at 6:30 pm.
Will you be picking the car on March 1st and for how many days?
I will need it from March 10th until the 12th.
There are 3 options. A sedan Hyundai Ioniq is available at Santa Fe Depot.
Okay, That's all for now.
Okay. Take care and goodbye.
Hello, could you help me check the weather on 7th of March in Los Angeles please?
The average temperature is 86 degrees Fahrenheit with a 5 percent chance of rain.
I see, could you get me a one-way flight there?
Will you be departing on the March 7th?
No, it will be on Wednesday next week.
And which city are you departing from?
Likely from San Francisco.
There are 5 available flights. How about the flight with Alaska Airlines departing at 12:25 pm costing $99?
Sounds great! Could you get me a rental car there please?
And when do you need the car till?
On the 11th please.
And which date do you need the car from? On the March 6th or March 7th?
On the 9th of March please.
When do you intend to pick up the car?
At 5:45 in the evening probably.
Would you like a SUV Dacia Duster available for your pickup at LAX International Airport?
Sounds great!
Do you need any further assistance?
No, that is all I need. Thank you!
Have a great day ahead!
What will the weather be in Nairobi on March 9th?
The average temperature is 103 degrees with 0 chance of rain.
Okay, I see.
Do you need something else?
I want a one-way plane ride to get there.
What is your departure city?
I am departing from Chicago.
Are you departing on March 9th?
Yes, I am departing that day.
American Airlines has a flight that departs at 5:05 am and costs $410. It has a layover and is 1 of 2 search results that were found.
How many people did you search for?
I searched for 1 person.
I see. Can you find a car to rent when I am there?
When are you returning the car and what time do you wish to get the car?
I will get the car at 1 o'clock in the afternoon and will return it on the 13th.
Are you picking up the car on March 9th?
No, I will get it on the 12th.
There is a Sedan Audi A8 available at Jomo Kenyatta International Airport.
That is perfect.
Do you need more help?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
I want to check the weather condition in particular area. Do you help me?
Yes, in which area you want to check about the weather?
Check it in Toronto.
Please note that the temperature will be 58 degree Fahrenheit in average and the chance of rain will be at 13 percent.
Thanks. Now I want to go there. Please search for an one-way flight.
What is your current location to search for the flight from and shall I search it for the leaving date on March 1st?
Yes, date is okay and I want the flight from Atlanta.
Do you feel free to travel through American Airlines? I found 4 flights with this Airlines. What about the one which takes off at 5:10 am for the ticket cost $202?
I think you have to search for some other flights.
What about your opinion on a travel through Delta Airlines flight? Please confirm whether a flight which takes off at 6:50 am for ticket cost $195 is okay for you?
Okay, this will be good to me. I need one more help. Can you find a Car for rent to go there and please book it from the 3rd to 6th of March. Any type of ride is okay with me.
What is your convenient time?
I need it at quarter past 4 in the evening.
I got 10 cars and What about a car available for pickup at Toronto Pearson International Airport. This car is Sedan Buick Regal Sportback.
What is the cost per day?
It will be around $35.00 per day.
Okay. This is the car I want. Thanks and that's all.
Have a great day.
Can you tell me the weather?
Where would you like to know the weather?
What's the weather in LA?
The average temperature should be 76 degree F, with a 28 percent chance of rain.
How windy and humid is it supposed to be?
The humidity for today is around 75 percent. The average wind is 4 miles an hour.
Okay, thanks for that. Can you find me a one-way ticket there?
Where would you like to leave from? Would you like a departure date of March 1st?
Yes, that works. Find a flight from Chicago.
I found 4 possible flights. There is a $164 American Airlines flight leaving at 10:20 am.
That works. Could you also find me a rental car there? I need it starting Friday next week?
And when would you like to return the car?
I need it until the 13th of this month.
At what time do you want to pick up the rental car?
I need a pick up of 16:45.
I found 10 possible cars. There is a Hatchback Ford Focus at Union Station.
That will work for me.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that was it, thank you.
Enjoy your trip!
I want to check weather on March 13th in Portland
The average temperature for the day should be 58 degree Fahrenheit and there is a 24 percent chance to rain
OK get me one way flight to go there
Are you leaving on March 13th
I want to start my travel on the 10th
Which city will you depart
Make it from Vancouver
i found 1 American Airlines which dates of at 5:10 pm. and it has a layover cost $277
Great can you find me a rental car there
At what time you want it
I will pick it up at 12 o'clock in the afternoon
When do you want it from March 10th for March 13th or any other dates until when you need it
I want it from March 11th till March 13th
There is a good car at Portland bus station it is an SUV Alfa Romeo stelvio
Sounds great that's all I need
Have a nice day
I want the weather in SD for the 9th.
It will be averaging a day temperature of 83 degrees Fahrenheit with a 25 percent possibility of raining.
Fine. Get me a one-way flight to that place.
What is the city you are leaving from and is it on March 9th?
I am going to travel next Thursday and I need flights from Vegas.
What do you think of flying American Airlines? The departing flight takes off at 11:05 pm and it is a direct flight costing you $85
Is the ticket of Business type?
It will be an Economy class seating
Will it be for one person only?
So it will be for 1 traveller.
Can you get me other options?
What do you think of flying Delta Airlines? The departing flight leaves at 8:20 am. This direct flight will cost you $74.
Great. Will I get a rental car there?
What date would you like? Maybe March 7th or March 9th? What will your time of pick up be like and when will you drop it off?
I want it from next Friday until the 13th. I will pick it up at 5 in the evening.
I can get you a nice SUV Citroen C5 at SAN International Airport.
That is great. That will be all.
Have a nice day.
Can you check the weather forecast in Phoenix for me?
Yes. Phoenix shows a 15 Percent possibility of showers. The temperature throughout the day could average 89 degrees Fahrenheit.
Will there be a lot of wind?
The wind will blow aroubd 11 miles per hour.
How muggy is it expected to be?
There will be about a 23 percent concentration of water vapor in the air.
Thank you for the information. Can you please locate a flight to Phoenix for me?
Is March 1st the day you would like me to schedule the flight?
That is right.
Is there a location you prefer to leave from?
I would like to catch the flight in Atlanta.
You have a choice of 3 transport options. If American Airlines is suitable there is a plane leaving at 4:50 am. The charge will be $158.
I will need passes for two people. What are my other choices?
Southwest Airlines is another available choice. This trip begins at 6:15 am with no stops. The charge is showing as $177.
I like that choice, thanks. I would also like to reserve a vehicle in the area.
Will March 1st be the date you would like the rental for? Is there a time of day you prefer to pick up the car?
Yes. 11:15 am is when I would like to pick up the car. I would like the rental to begin on the 11th.
How long would you like the rental for?
I would like to return the vehicle on the 12th.
I found 8 choices for you. One choice is a Sedan Buick Regal Sportback. This car is available at the Sky Harbor International Airport.
I like that choice, thanks.
What else may I do for you today?
You have been a super help. I don't need anything else at the moment, thanks.
Hope your day is excellent.
I need to see what the weather will be like in London, UK on the 12th of March
It looks like it's gonna be 87 degrees with a 21 percent chance of it raining there
Cool, now how windy and humid is it expected to be?
It's expected to be around 32 percent humidity with a 2 mile per hour wind speed
OK thanks for that
What else can I do for you?
I need a one way ticket there
Where are you flying from? And are you leaving March 12th?
I want to leave on the 11th from Seattle, WA
I found 2 flights including an Alaska Airlines Flight at 7:05 am with a layover, it's $391
Sounds good, can you find me a rental car
When do you need it from? March 11th? March 12th? Also for how long and when are you picking it up?
I I need tie from the 13th of this month at 10:15 am till the 14th of this month
There's a nice Audi A8 Sedan type car you can get from Heathrow International Airport
That's good for now, thanks!
Sure, see you!
I want to find someplace to eat. Please look for restaurants.
What kind of food would you like to look for?
I would like to find Latin American food.
What city would you like to search in?
Please find restaurants in San Jose.
Chacho's is a restaurant in San Jose matching the criteria you requested.
Yes, that would be good.
Would you like to reserve a table there?
Yes, I would like to reserve a table.
What time would you like the reservation for?
Please make it for eleven am.
You would like to book a table for 2 people at Chacho's in San Jose on March 1st at 11 am, is that right?
Yes, that's correct.
Your reservation is successful.
Can you help me get a cab to go there?
Are you going to 87 East San Fernando Street? Is there a type of ride you prefer, such as Regular or Pool?
Yes, that is the address. I would prefer a Pool ride.
You would like 2 seats in a Pool ride to 87 East San Fernando Street, is that correct?
Yes, that is right. How long will it be before the cab gets here? How much is it?
Your cab ride is booked and on its way. The expected time is 5 minutes. The ride costs $21.04.
Thank you for your help, that's all for now.
Have a wonderful day!
I need to find a place to eat.
Where would you like to search? Which type of cuisine?
I want somewhere in Santa Clara that serves a light meal.
I found 2 restaurants, one is Dae Bak in Santa Clara.
What is the rating? And the location?
The rating is around 4.1 and it is located at 3284 El Camino Real.
That sounds great thanks.
Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes, please make a reservation for 1 this Saturday at 6:30 in the evening.
You want a table for 1 at Dae Bak in Santa Clara at 6:30 pm on March 2nd, correct.
Yes that is great thanks. Is it pricey?
Your table is reserved. The restaurant's pricing is moderate.
Do they have outdoor seating or vegetarian options?
They do not have either.
Thank you for your help.
Can I do anything more for you?
I would like a luxurious ride there.
You want a Luxury ride for 1 to 3284 El Camino Real, correct?
Yes that is correct.
Your cab is on the way.
When does it arrive?
It will arrive in 8 minutes.
Thanks for your assistance.
Can I do anything more for you?
No that is all thank you.
Have a great day!
Find me somewhere to eat at.
What type of food do you like?
I am looking for a place that serves Seafood.
What city shall I look in?
Search for places in Millbrae.
Little Whale Seafood is in Millbrae.
That is perfect. Book me a table there.
What time do you want to eat?
I wish to eat at 6:45 in the evening.
You want a table for 2 at Little Whale Seafood in Millbrae on March 1st at 6:45 pm, correct?
That is correct.
I can't book that time. Is a table for 2 at Little Whale Seafood on March 1st at 7 pm okay with you?
That is good too.
Your table is booked.
What is their average rating?
They have an average rating of 4.1.
Thanks a bunch. I need to get a Shared ride to go to 716 Magnolia Avenue.
You want a Pool ride for 2 people to 716 Magnolia Avenue, correct?
That is correct.
Your ride is ordered and is coming for you.
What is the total price and how long do I have to wait for the ride?
The total bill is $23.94 and will be there in 5 minutes.
Thanks a bunch. That is everything for now.
Have a great day.
I want to eat outside once and I need your help to search for the best place to eat.
Do you have any favorite kind of food in your mind. If so let me know the same to short list my search.
I like to have Ramen food and search for the place that have this kind of food.
Okay, Where do you want to eat, is there any best place in your option?
I think finding a restaurant in San Fran will be perfect for me.
What about 2g Japanese Brasserie restaurant which is the best place in San Francisco to enjoy your food. What do you think?
Yes, I think the same and I like this place.
Shall I reserve a table there for you now?
Yes, I need it and please book it for the date on the 12th and my convenient time is twelve in the afternoon.
I need your final confirmation to book a table for 2 at 2g Japanese Brasserie restaurant in San Francisco on March 12th for the time at 12 pm.
That is correct and you can proceed. Also get me their address for my reference. Is the price range cheap there?
They are having food at moderate prices and I have booked the table successfully. And please note their address is 601 Van Ness Avenue.
Thanks a lot. Please do me one more help. Find me a cab to go there and I want it for one person in Expensive ride.
Please confirm to book a cab for 1 person to 601 Van Ness Avenue with Luxury ride.
Yes, that is confirmed. Let me also know about the cost per ride and time taken by the cab to reach here.
I have booked the cab and it will reach you within 14 minutes. The cost for this ride is $15.91.
Thank you so much for your help.
Anything else you want from me?
Nothing for now and thanks for everything.
Have a good day.
I want to find a place to eat.
Where are you looking? What kind of food do you want to eat?
I'm looking for a diner in Campbell.
I found 3 restaurants. Effie's Restaurant & Bar is located in Campbell.
Sounds good. I want to reserve a table.
What time would you like to make the reservation?
I want to make the reservation for 6:45 pm.
Please confirm: A table for 2 at Effie's Restaurant & Bar in Campbell on March 1st at 6:45 pm.
Yes, sounds good. What's the address?
The address is 331 West Hacienda Avenue. Sorry, I was unable to make the reservation at Effie's Restaurant & Bar. Should I try for March 1st at 7 pm for 2?
Yes, that's good.
Your reservation has been made.
I want to find a cab there.
What type of ride do you want?
I want to find the cheapest ride.
Please confirm: A pool ride for 2 to 331 West Hacienda Avenue.
Yes, sounds great. How long until the ride is here?
The cab will be there in about 6 minutes.
Thanks, that's all for now.
Have a great day.
Can you find me a place to eat?
Which type of food would you like to eat?
I am looking for a place which serves Burrito.
Which area do you want me to search in?
I am looking for a restaurant in Los Gatos.
There are 2 restaurants you may like. How about a nice restaurant called Pedro's located in Los Gatos?
Okay, That sounds good to me. Can you book me a table at the restaurant for 3 people at 6:30 pm?
Please confirm: You want me to book a table for 3 people at Pedro's located in Los Gatos for 6:30 pm on March 1st.
No, Book the table for 2 people.
Please confirm: You want me to book a table for 2 people at Pedro's located in Los Gatos for 6:30 pm on March 1st.
Yes, That is correct. Can you check whether they serves vegetarians?
I have successfully booked the table and they don't serve enough vegetation.
Can you check whether they have outdoor seating?
No, There is no outdoor seating.
Thank you for the help.
Is your destination 316 North Santa Cruz Avenue? And which type of ride like Regular or pool or anything else do you prefer?
Yes, That is correct. I want to book a luxury ride.
Please confirm: You want me to book a luxury ride in a cab for 2 people going to 316 North Santa Cruz Avenue.
Yes, That is correct.
Your ride is successfully booked and the cab is on the way.
Thank you so much!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. That will be all. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day!
I want you help to find somewhere to go for food.
What type of food do you prefer?
I fancy Chinese food.
Where are you?
In San Fran.
Well Alice's is a good restaurant in San Francisco.
Is it expensive and do they have tables outside?
They are considered a cheap restaurant and they do have tables outside.
Do you have any other restaurant suggestions?
There is a good restaurant called Bamboo Restaurant in San Francisco.
I like the sound of that so please book my a table there.
What time are you interested in going?
I think eleven in the morning.
To confirm then that is a booking for 2 people on March 1st at 11 am at Bamboo Restaurant, San Francisco.
great thanks. Do you know if they have a vegetarian menue or if there are tables outdoors?
Your booking is confirmed and I can confirm they have both vegetarian options and outdoor seating.
Will you be able to book a cab for me to go there?
So you are going to 1441 Polk Street. What type of ride do you want?
the most comfortable ride for me please.
To confirm then that is a luxury ride for 2 to 1441 Polk Street.
yes that is correct.
Your booking is now confirmed and your ride is on the way.
How much will it cost and how long will it take to get to me?
around 10 minutes costing $27.11.
That is all for now, thank you.
have a great day.
I would like to find a restaurant.
Which city are you located and what type of food?
I would like a bistro in berkeley.
La Note is located in Berkeley.
Do they have outdoor seating and a vegetarian menu.
They have vegetarian options and outdoor seating.
Yes, that sounds good.
Would you like to reserve a table there?
Yes, I would like to reserve a table.
What time would you like your reservation?
I would like to go quarter to 1 in the afternoon.
Booking a table for 2 at La Note in Berkeley for March 1st at 12:45 pm.
What is the rating of the restaurant?
The restaurant's rating is 4.4. Would you like to go to La Note restaurant at 1 pm on March 1st for 2 people.
Yes, 1 pm works for me.
Your reservation was made.
Can you get me a cab pool ride to 2377 Shattuck Avenue.
2 seats on a pool ride to 2377 Shattuck Avenue.
I would prefer a Luxurious ride.
Booking 2 seats on a Luxury ride.
Yes, how long before the cab gets here and what is the cost?
The cab will be there in 13 minutes and the cost is $24.68
Thank you that is all I needed.
Have a good day.
I want to find a place to eat in Occidental.
What kind of food do you want to eat?
I want to find Parisian cuisine.
I found 1 restaurant. Bistro Des Copains is a great restaurant in Occidental.
That sounds great.
Do you want to book a table?
Yes I want a table for 3.
What time would you like the reservation?
Make it for 11 o'clock in the morning.
Please confirm: a table for 3 at Bistro Des Copains in Occidental on March 1st at 11 am.
Yes, that's correct.
Your reservations have been made.
Thank you. I want to find a cab there.
Where are you going? 3782 Bohemian Highway?
Yes, that's correct.
What kind of ride would you like? Luxury or regular?
I want to find the cheapest ride to 2150 Chestnut Street.
Please confirm: a pool ride for 3 to 2150 Chestnut Street.
Yes, sounds great.
Your ride has been booked at the cab is on the way.
How much will it be?
The ride will be $17.96.
How long until the cab is here?
The cab will be there in 3 minutes.
Thanks so much. That's all for now.
Have a great day!
I want to find a restaurant in SFO that serves Izakaya and it needs to be cheap or fairly inexpensive.
There is 1 restaurant in San Francisco that is called Izakaya Kou.
That sounds right. What is their address and phone number?
The address is 1560 Fillmore Street and the phone number is 415-441-9294.
Could you book a table for me? So for one person on the 12th of this month for 1 o'clock in the afternoon at Izakaya Kou.
Please confirm the following for me: You want a table for 1 at Izakaya Kou in San Francisco at 1 pm on March 12th.
Yes, that's it. Could you tell me if they have a vegetarian selection?
No, they do not offer vegetarian selections. Your reservation has been confirmed.
Great. Thanks. Now I need a cab to go to the restaurant.
Would you like regular, pool, luxury, or another type of ride?
I would like a shared ride if possible.
Please confirm the following information: A pool ride for 1 to 1560 Fillmore Street.
Yes, that's it.
The cab has been contacted and it is on its way.
How much will that cost and how long will it take to get here?
The fare is $16.64 and it should be arriving in 5 to 10 minutes.
Great. Thanks for everything.
Do you need assistance with anything else?
No. That's all I need. Thanks.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I'm trying to find a restaurant please.
Of course, what type of cuisine are you interested in and in which location should I look?
I'd like to go someplace in the Belmont area and I love spicy noodles.
I have 1 possibility for you, which is Thai Tamarind Restaurant in Belmont.
OK, great. Would you please set a one pm reservation for me?
Confirming a table for 2 on March 1st at 1 PM at Thai Tamarind Restaurant in the city of Belmont.
Excellent, thank you. I'm wondering, are there vegetarian dishes on their menu? And I'd like the address please.
The reservation has been booked. Yes, they do have vegetarian meals and the address of the restaurant is 1316 El Camino Real.
Thank you for that. I'd like to book a taxi as well.
What type of ride please? Would you like a regular ride or luxury?
A luxury ride, please.
Confirming luxury transportation for 2 with a destination of 1316 El Camino Real.
Sounds good. When will the ride arrive?
The ride has been dispatched and will be here shortly, in approximately 11 minutes.
Thank you very much for all your help.
It's entirely my pleasure.
I want to find a place to eat.
What kind of food would you like to eat?
I want to find Middle eastern food.
Where should I look for restaurants?
I want to find some Greek food in Oakland. Preferably with outdoor seating.
Ikaros Greek Restaurant is a popular spot located in Oakland.
What's the address? Is it ultra high-end?
The price range is moderate. The restaurant is located at 3268 Grand Avenue.
That sounds great.
Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes, I want to book a table.
What time would you like to make the reservation.
Make the reservation for 18:00, please.
Please confirm: A table for 2 at Ikaros Greek Restaurant in Oakland on March 1st at 6 pm.
Yes, sounds good.
Your reservation has been made.
Thank you. Can you find me a cab there? Preferable a pool ride.
Please confirm: a pool ride for 2 at 3268 Grand Avenue.
Yes, that's correct.
Your ride has been booked and is on its way.
How long until the cab is here?
The cab will be there in about 7 minutes.
Thanks so much. That's all for now.
Have a great day!
Hello! Can you recommend at restaurant?
I'd be happy to help. What type of cuisine are you interested in?
I'd like to have some spicy Indian food.
Where would you like me to search?
Please find something near Mill Valley.
There is 1 restaurant that meets your criteria. Would you be interested in trying Prabh Indian Kitchen in Mill Valley?
Do they offer vegetarian dishes? Is it considered an ultra high-end restaurant?
It is considered a moderate restaurant with many vegetarian options.
That sounds nice. Can you reserve me a table for four on the 12th?
What time would work best for you?
13:00 would work best for me.
You'd like to reserve a table for 4 at Prabh Indian Kitchen in Mill Valley at 1 pm on March 12th. Is that correct?
I'm sorry, I need to make that for the 10th of this month.
You'd like to reserve a table for 4 on March 10th.
That is correct. Can you tell me if they offer al fresco dining and what the address is?
They are located at 24 Sunnyside Avenue and they do have outdoor seating. Your table has been confirmed.
Can you help me find the cheapest cab there?
You'd like a pool ride for 4 to 24 Sunnyside Avenue. Is that correct?
Yes, that is perfect.
Your ride is on the way.
Thanks for the assistance.
You're welcome. Have a nice dinner!
I want to go out to eat at an average priced place in Oakland.
What kind of food would you like?
I'm needing some comfort food.
Bowl'd Bbq is a nice place in Oakland.
That will work. Can you book a table there for three people on the 9th?
What time would you like the reservation?
I need the reservation for 6 in the evening.
Please confirm: You want to book a table for 3 at Bowl'd Bbq in Oakland on March 9th at 6 pm?
Yes, that's right.
Your reservation has been confirmed.
I also need a cab there. Can you get me a normal ride to 4869 Telegraph Avenue.
Please confirm: You need a regular cab to 4869 Telegraph Avenue with 3 seats. Is this right?
Yes, that's right.
Your cab is booked and on the way.
How much will it cost? And how long until they get here?
The ride will be $34.49 and it will be here in about 5 minutes.
Thanks for the assistance.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Nope, that was it, thank you.
Enjoy your evening!
Hey, can you find me some place to eat in Berkeley where I can get cheap vegetarian options?
What kind of food are you looking for?
I'm looking for an afforadable breakfast.
I found 1 nice restaurant in Berkeley, it's the Venus Restaurant.
Sounds good. Can you get me a table there for five pm please?
So a table for 2 at 5 pm on March 1st at the Venus Restaurant in Berkeley?
Yes. Do they have tables on the outside? What's their phone number?
Your reservation was successful. They don't have outdoor siting and their number is 510-540-5950.
Thanks a lot.
Can I help you further?
You could book me a cab so I can get there.
Is the destination 2327 Shattuck Avenue? Do you want a pool or a regular ride?
Yes, it is. A shared ride is fine.
So 2 seats on a pool ride to 2327 Shattuck Avenue?
Yes, that's it.
Your cab is booked and on the way.
How much will it cost me?
It should cost you $17.41.
Thanks a lot.
Can I help you further?
No, thanks a lot.
Have a great day.
I'd like to find a place to eat.
What type of food?
I'd like something European.
Where did you want me to look?
I'd like a place in Berkeley.
I found 2 restaurants for you. One is Hs Lordships Restaurant in Berkeley.
That sounds good. I'd like to book a table.
What time did you want to book it?
I'd like a table for three on 9th of this month at quarter to 6 in the evening.
Please confirm you're booking a table for 3 at Hs Lordships Restaurant in Berkeley on March 9th at 5:45 pm.
Yes, that is correct.
Sorry, I was unable to book your reservation. How about a reservation for 3 at Hs Lordships Restaurant in Berkeley on March 9th at 6 pm.
Yes, that sounds good
Your reservation has been confirmed.
Thank you. Can you help me find a cab to 199 Seawall Drive?
Did you have a preference for the type of ride?
I'd like a Shared ride.
Please confirm you're booking a Pool ride for 3 to 199 Seawall Drive.
No, I'd like a Luxurious ride.
Please confirm you're booking a Luxury ride for 3.
Yes, that is correct. When will the cab be here?
The cab will be h ere in 14 minutes.
How much will it be
It will be $55.11.
Thank you.
Did you need help with anything else
No but thank you
HAve a good day.
Can you find me a place to eat?
Which city do you want me to search in?
I am looking for restaurants in Half Moon Bay.
What type of food do you want to have?
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Fish.
There is a nice restaurant called Flying Fish Bar & Grill located in Half Moon Bay.
Okay, That sounds nice to me. Can you book me a table there?
What is your preferred timing for the booking?
I want to book the table for one pm.
Please confirm: You want me to book a table for 2 people at Flying Fish Bar & Grill located in Half Moon Bay on March 1st at 1 pm.
Yes, That is correct. Can you confirm whether they have outdoor seating and vegetarian options in the menu?
I have successfully booked the table for you and they neither have outdoor seating nor have vegetarian options in the menu.
I want a cab to go there.
Can you confirm me whether your destination is 211 San Mateo Road and what type of ride do you want?
Yes, That is correct and book me a Regular ride.
Please confirm: You want me to book a regular ride in a cab going to 211 San Mateo Road for 2 people.
Yes, That is correct. Can you tell me the cost and the expected arrival time for the cab?
Your ride is successfully booked and the cab will be here in 4 minutes. The total cost for the cab is $30.69.
Thank you so much!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. That will be all. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day!
I'd like to find a place to eat at.
Where should I search? What kind of food do you want?
Please find me something serving Burrito in Mountain View.
Agave Mexican Bistro is a nice restaurant in Mountain View.
That would be great. I'd like to book a table at morning 11 on the 14th of this month.
Please confirm the following: You want a table at Agave Mexican Bistro in Mountain View at 11 am on March 14th for 2 people.
Yes, that would work.
The table has been booked.
Thanks so much! Can you get me a cab there?
What type would you like? You can take Regular or Luxury or any other kind. Are you going to 194 Castro Street?
Yes, that would work. I'd prefer a Luxurious ride.
Please confirm the following: You want a Luxury ride with 2 seats to 194 Castro Street.
Yes, that works for me. How long before it arrives?
I have booked your ride and its on its way and should arrive in 11 minutes.
Thanks so much! That's all for now.
Have a great day!
I need to get some dinner.
Where are you looking for?
I'll be in Mill valley at lunch time.
Do you have any preferences?
I could go for some Barbecue today.
I found a place in Mill Valley called Lighthouse Bar & Grill.
OK. Do you have any others?
There's a Mcdonald's in Mill Valley. You might like it.
All right. Let's go ahead and book a table for two next Tuesday at 1:15 in the afternoon.
to confirm: You want a table for 2 at Mcdonald's in Mill Valley at 1:15 pm on March 5th.
No. Let's make that 3 at 1:30 pm.
To confirm: There will be 3 people at 1:30 pm.
Actually I would like it on the 11th.
To confirm: You want Mcdonald's on March 11th.
That's it. thanks
You are now confirmed.
I need a ride to the restaurant. How about a cab, preferrably a Pool ride?
Is your destination 600 Redwood Highway?
Sure, that'll work.
To confirm: We're ordering a cab for 3, preferably a Pool ride, to 600 Redwood Highway
Great. Now how much will it run me? how long before it arrives?
Your cab is on its way and will cost $10.55. It will be there in 7 minutes.
thanks, i appreciate your help.
Will there be anything ales?
No, again, thanks.
Take care now.
I am interested to know how the weather is going to be on 7th of March in San Diego.
For your requested location the temperature should be at an average of 90 degrees Fahrenheit, and with a chance of raining at 17 percent.
Alright, fine. Now I would like to find a one-way flight to go there, and I do not mind which airline I will have.
Will you be having your flight on March 7th?
In fact I will be taking the flight on the 6th.
Can you tell me from which city will you be leaving from?
I will be taking the flight from Paris, France on 2nd of this month.
Would you like to have a flight with Air France which has layover, and leaves at 7:35 am. The price of ticket costs $353.
Can you tell me when the flight will be arriving at the destination of my choice, and could you tell me if the ticket is an Economy one?
The flight ticket is an Economy class ticket, and your flight will be departing at 2:05 pm.
That is alright with me.
Is there something else I can help you with?
Would it be possible for you to find me a rental car to go there?
Till when are you going to need to have the car?
I would like to have a Sedan car, and I will need it till the 14th.
From when will you be needing it, from March 7th, March 2nd or some other day? Which time suits you best to pick up the car?
I want to have the car from 9th of March, and I can pick it up at quarter to 4 in the afternoon.
I found 2 cars which you might like, with one of them being a Sedan Hyundai Ioniq, which you can pick up at Santa Fe Depot.
That seems a nice one.
Can I do something else to help you with?
Nothing. I appreciate your help.
Have a good time!
Show me the weather of Mexico City on March 13th.
The expected average temperature through the day is 91 degrees Fahrenheit with 8 percent chance of rain.
Can you check for the wind speed?
The expected average wind speed is 6 mph.
Okay, That sounds good.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to book one-way flight going there.
What will be your city of departure and is your date of departure March 13th?
I will be leaving from Seattle on 1st of this month.
How about an American Airlines flight, whose onward flight takes of at 4:15 pm with the ticket price of $266?
Is the price for economy class or business class?
The price is for Economy class seat.
That sounds good to me. Now, Can you find me a rental car for rent from 10th of this month till March 14th?
What will be time for pickup?
I would like to pick it up at quarter past 12 in the afternoon.
How about a nice SUV Citroen C5 available for pick up at Benito Juarez International Airport?
Can you find me the cost per day?
The cost per day is $35.00.
Can you show me any other Sedan car for pick up at 11:30 am?
How about a nice Sedan Dodge Charger available for pick up at Benito Juarez International Airport?
That sounds nice to me. That will be all. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day!
Can you check the weather for me?
Sure thing. Which city would you like to check?
Can you tell me the weather in SFO?
The average temperature will be 91 degrees fahrenheit with a 29 percent chance of rain.
Cool, thanks for the info. Sounds like a nice day out there today. Can you help me find a one-way flight to the area?
No problem. Will you be leaving March 1st? What city will you be departing from?
I need 2 tickets for flights out of Philadelphia.
I've found a $259 dollar flight with American Airlines. The flight will be departing at 5:45 pm. Would you like to book a ticket?
No, I'm really looking for something with United Airlines. I think they have the best flights.
Okay, i've found a flight with United Airlines for you. The flight will depart at 1:55 pm and tickets will cost $296.
Okay, sounds good to me. Can you also find a rental car for me as well? I will need it until Friday next week.
Will you be picking the car up on March 1st? Also, what time would you like to pick up the vehicle?
I'd like to pick it up on the 5th around 19:45.
I've found 7 cars for you. How about a nice Sedan Audi A8? You can pick it up from the Salesforce Transit Center.
Okay, that sounds good. Thanks. That's all for now.
My pleasure. Have a good day.
What's the weather gonna be like in Toronto, Ontario on Thursday next week?
In Toronto, Ontario, there is a 15 percent chance of rain with a temperature of 61 degrees.
I need to know the about the wind and humidity too.
Humidity will be roughly 25 percent with the wind blowing at 12 miles per hour.
Alrigt. I plan to visit there on the 2nd of March. I need a flight to Toronto from SD. Any airline will do fine.
Alaska Airlines has a flight departing from SD on March 2nd at 1:05 pm. The ticket price is $220.
I don't think I want those tickets. Try another airline please.
How about Southwest Airlines instead? This flight in particular departs at 12:20 pm. It will cost you $216.
Will it be available for four people?
I apologize but no. It is for 1 passenger.
Okay then. Let's move on to another option please.
Is United Airlines acceptable? The flight to Toronto leaves at 9:15 am and has a price of $214. It is worth noting that this flight has a layover.
How many people does this include? Oh yeah. And when does it arrive in Toronto?
It is for 1 passenger and has an arrival time of 0:14 am in the morning.
Okay that sounds like what I'm looking for. Can you help me find a rental car as well?
How long do you wish to rent this car for?
I'll be needing it until Friday next week.
Please provide the pick-up date for the vehicle. March 2nd or March 7th for example. I need to know the time as well.
I'm looking for a sedan on March 5th. I'll be picking the car up at 17:00.
There are 4 cars available.There is a nice Buick Regal Sportback Sedan available at Toronto Pearson International Airport.
I'm not too picky about what vehicle I get. That sounds fine.
Okay. Want me to schedule the pick-up?
No thanks. I'll reserve one another time. That's all the information I need for now.
Certainly. Have a great day.
Hi, i need a help, i want to check the weather on 8th of March in London
Okay, The average temperature for the day should be 93 degrees Fahrenheit and 24 percent chance of rain.
Okay, how humidity is it expected to be, and how windy is it gonna be?
The humidity is around 19 percent and the wind speed should be 4 miles per hour.
Okay, i need to find a one way flight going there, i need to start my travel on 6th of this month.
Okay, which city you want depart from?
I am Looking for flights from Philadelphia
Okay, i have found 4 flights for you, are you interested to fly with American Airlines, The onward flight takes off at 1:20 pm and it has a layover, the ticket cost is $234
Okay, Is this an economy class or business class ticket, is it for 1 people?
It is a Economy class and it is for 1 travellers
It seems good to me
Okay, Can i help you with anything more?
Yes, i need a rental car there.
Okay, Please tell me the time do you want to pick up the car? Do you need the car from March 6th and until when do you want the car?
i need to pick up the car at 10 o'clock in the morning, i want it from 12th of march to until 14th of this month.
Okay, i have found a nice car at Heathrow International Airport and it is a Sedan Audi A8
Okay it seems good to me
Okay, can i help you with anything more?
No, thank you very much for your help
You are welcome, have a great day.
Can you check the weather for me?
Sure. For what city?
For London, please.
The average temperature should be around 81 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 23 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be?
The average wind speed should be around 10 miles per hour.
Okay. Can you find me a one-way flight there?
Sure. What is your departure city? Will you be leaving on March 1st?
Yes. I need flights from Los Angeles.
I found 3 flights. How about Delta Airlines? There is a 6:05 am departure with a layover. The ticket costs $403.
Sounds good. I also need to find a rental car for the day after tomorrow. I want to pick it up at four in the evening. A Sedan would be nice.
How long will you need the rental?
Until Wednesday next week.
I found a nice Sedan Audi A8. It is available at the Heathrow International Airport.
Did you find anything else?
There is also a nice Buick Regal Sportback available at Gatwick International Airport. It is a Sedan.
Sounds good. That's all I need for now.
Have a good day!
I want to know about the weather in Toronto, Canada on the 4th of this month.
The temperature average will be 70 degrees Fahrenheit and there will be a 38 percent chance for rain.
Okay, thanks for that.
Do you need me to do anything else?
I need two tickets for a one way flight there. Preferably with United Airlines.
Will you be departing on March 4th?
I'm planning on departing today from Washington.
There is 1 flight that matches. It is on United Airlines and leaves at 3:05 pm. It's direct and is $95.
Yeah, that works. I also need a rental car when I get there.
Do you want the car starting on March 4th? And when will you need it until? And what time do you want pick up to be?
I want it from March 3rd until next Wednesday with a pick up of 20:15.
There's a nice Sedan Buick Regal Sportback from Toronto Pearson International Airport available for that period.
Okay, nice. I don't need any further help.
Have a terrific day.
Hey, can you tell me how's the weather gonna be in Chicago on Saturday this week please?
Sure! The average temperature should be 61 degrees Fahrenheit with a 33 percent chance of rain.
Good to know. Help me book some one-way flights going there please.
Where will you be departing from?
I want Economy tickets with Delta Airlines on a plane leaving from Vancouver.
Are you leaving on March 2nd or some other day?
I want to leave on the 1st of March.
I found 1 flight you may like. It's a Delta Airlines one costing $173 that takes off at 12:20 pm. Sounds good?
Sure. Can you help me rent a car there? I'll pick it up on 7:30 in the evening on Monday next week and I'll return it on the 7th of this month.
Sure, I found 6 cars you may like. There's a great Sedan Dodge Charger at O'Hare International Airport. Does it appeal to you?
Sounds real good.
Should I book it?
Not now, thanks. That's all I need.
Have an amazing day.
Update me about the weather please, the day is wednesday next week
Okay, just tell me which city you're interested in
los angeles
I checked and I have to inform you that the temperature should be around 78 degrees fahrenheit and the chance of rain is equal to 19 percent
Got it. Now, go to see if there's an united airlines flight to fly there.
Okay, where are you leaving from? Is the date of your departure March 6th?
Yes, it is. I'm leaving from berlin
There is 1 option suitable for you if United airlines it's fine with you. there's thise flight leaving at 4:05 am and it's direct. the price for the ticket is $263
Perfect. I think I'll have to rent a Sedan car there, my idea is to pick it up at 4:45 pm on the 7th of this month
tell me the last day you think you'll need the car
it's march 10th
I've found a sedan hyundai ioniq at lax international airport
how much will I pay it for every single day?
it's $32.00
fine. bye
bye sir
Hello. What's the weather like in Atlanta, GA?
The weather is 86 degrees F with a 28 percent chance of rain.
Okay. I need to book a one-way flight there.
Okay, great! Are you leaving on March 1st? Which city are you leaving from?
That will be my departure date, yes. I'm leaving from London, UK.
Perfect! I found 3 flights for you. I recommend the American Airlines flight that leaves at 8:05 pm. It's a direct flight and costs $249.
That would be great! I also need a rental car there until the 10th.
Great! What time would you like to pick up the car?
15:45 would be ideal.
Okay! And the pick up date would be March 1st?
Actually, I only need it starting on March 7th.
Okay, perfect! I found 10 cars you might like. I recommend a car available at the Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport. It's a Sedan Buick Regal Sportback.
How much is the cost per day?
It's $34.00 per day.
Sounds good! That's all I need.
Have a good day!
Can you please check the weather for me for March 7th.
Sure, but first tell me for which city.
For London, UK please!
There's a 27 percent chance of rain with an average temperature of 71 degrees Fahrenheit.
OK, thanks. Now please help me look for a one way flight to there, preferably some Economy tickets with Delta Airlines. I'll be taking off from New York.
Sure! Do you plan to leave on March 7th?
No, I'll be starting my travel on March 3rd.
There's 1 flight matching your criteria, a Delta Airlines flight taking off at 8:50 pm. The tickets are $210 and the flight is direct.
OK. When does it arrive?
The flight lands at destination at 9:12 am.
The price you've mentioned is for 1 person, right?
Yes, for 1 person.
Sounds perfect. Now, can you please find me a car to rent at destination?
Sure, but first please tell me you desired pick up date and time as well as the rental period. Do you plan to pick-up the car on March 3rd, March 7th or other day, maybe?
I will be needing the car from March 7th to the 12th and I would like to pick it up at 13:30.
There's a very nice sedan, an Audi A8, available to rent at Heathrow International Airport.
OK. What the per day price for this vehicle?
The car is priced at $36.00 per day.
Sounds perfect to me.
Do you want me to place a reservation for you for this car?
No, not at the moment.
Is there anything else I could do for you?
No, but thanks for everything.
My pleasure! Have a nice day.
Can you check the weather in SD next Tuesday please
It's gonna be 84 degrees with an 8 percent chance of rain
Sure thing, I need a one way flight getting there next Tuesday
Where are you coming from?
I'll be flying from Portland, OR
I found 5 flights including one via Alaska Airlines that leaves at 10:05 am and has a layover for $208
Is it just for 1?
Yes it's for 1 person only
Sounds good, now find me a rental car
What time are you picking it up and till when do you need it?
I need it till the 11th of this month and am picking it up at 19:15
Do you want it from March 5th onwards
Actually I need it starting Thursday next week
There's a Hyundai Ioniq Sedan you can get from Santa Fe Depot
That sounds good for me
What else can I do?
Nothing else for now, thanks
Sure thing, bye!
I need a weather update for Chi-town for 13th of this month.
The temperature will average 65 degrees Fahrenheit with a 37 percent chance that it would rain.
What is the expected humidity?
It's around 47 percent humid.
What is the wind situation like?
5 miles per hour will be the wind speed on average.
Fine. Look for a one-way flight to there.
What city will you leave from?
Find flights from San Francisco.
Do you leave on March 13th?
I start my visit on 11th of this month?
What do you think of flying Alaska Airlines. It's direct onward plane leaves at 6:10 am and will cost you $183.
Perfect. I would be needing a rental car there as well.
What will the time of pick up for the car be? Will you be needing it from March 11th and till when do you want the car?
I want it on 13th of this month till the 14th and the pick up time is at 16:00.
You can choose from 10 cars. A nice SUV Dacia Duster is available at Chicago Union Station.
What is the daily cost?
The daily cost will be $41.00
That sounds fine.
Shall I be of any other help?
Not really. Thank you.
Have a nice day!
I need some information about how the weather will be on the 5th of March.
What city do you wish for me to find the forecast for?
Find the weather forecast for Cotati.
Cotati will have an average temperature of 86 degrees with an 18 percent chance of rain on March 5th.
Thank you. I need another weather forecast. This time for Nairobi.
There temperature for Nairobi is 90 degrees with a 9 percent chance of there being rain.
Okay, thank you very much. I want a one-way flight to that location please.
Please name your departure city.
I'm planning to leave from Chi-town. I'll need 3 tickets preferably from Delta Airlines.
Is your departure date March 5th or another date?
I plan on traveling sooner than that. I plan to travel later today.
Delta Airlines has a flight leaving at 8 am. The cost of the ticket is $425. Is that acceptable?
Is the ticket Economy class at that price? Also, when will the flight arrive at my destination?
It is an Economy -class ticket. The arrival time for your flight is 12:17 pm.
That sounds great. Can you find me a rental car that I can pick up on the 9th?
How long will you be needing the car, and when do you wish to pick up the car?
I will be picking up the car at 4:45 pm and I will keep it until the 11th of March.
There are 5 cars that should fit your needs. There is an Audi A8 Sedan for pick-up at Jomo Kenyatta International Airport.
That sounds like a great car. Thanks for providing me with that info.
Can I help you with anything else right now?
I can't think of anything else right now. Thank you for helping me.
Please have a great day today.
What is the weather in Toronto, Ontario.
The average temperature is 58 degrees with a 13 percent chance of rain.
Ok, I also need a flight there.
Are you leaving on March 1st?
Yes, I am.
What city are you leaving from?
San Diego.
Southwest Airlines has a flight that leaves at 1:55 pm with a ticket price of $241.
Is this a business class ticket? For how many people?
It is an economy seat for 1 person.
Find me some other choices.
United Airlines has a flight that leaves at 9:15 am for a ticket price of $215.
Perfect. I'll also need a rental car at 8 pm and I'll drop it off Wednesday next week.
Do you want to pick up the car on March 1st?
I need it the day after tomorrow.
There is a Buick Regal Sportback Sedan available at Toronto Pearson International Airport.
That is perfect. That is all I need for now.
Have a nice day.
I'm traveling soon and need to know the weather about my destination. Can you tell me the forecast for Phoenix, AZ on Friday next week?
Phoenix, AZ should have a temperature of 77 degrees Fahrenheit and a 15 percent chance of rain next Friday. Do you require more information?
I could use some information about the wind speed and humidity as well. Please.
Certainly. The humidity should be 21 percent and the wind speed will be 11 miles per hour.
Nice weather. Perfect for taking a trip. Let's get starting on finding me a one-way flight to Phoenix please.
Will you be leaving on Friday, March 8th? If so, can you tell me what your departure city is?
I plan on leaving from San Francisco today actually.
Would you mind flying with Alaska Airlines? The flight will be leaving at 11:50 pm and costs only $114.
No I don't mind at all. That should be fine. When I get there, I'll be needing a rental car. I want to pick it up around afternoon 3:30.
From what date? March 8th, March 1st, or another day entirely? Once you tell me the pick-up date, we can set the drop off date as well.
I need it starting next Monday until March 9th.
I have found a Sedan at Sky Harbor International Airport. It is a Buick Regal Sportback. Will this suit your needs?
That should do just fine. Thanks for your help. I'll be going now to get ready for the trip.
Enjoy your trip and have a great day.
I want to check about the weather condition on 13th of March and I need your help to do the same.
Where do you want to check for the Weather?
Check it in Toronto, Ontario.
Please note that the temperature will be 62 degrees Fahrenheit in average and there may be a 1 percent chance of rain.
What about the Humidity there?
It will be around 15 percent. What else do you need to know?
I want to check the same on March 8th.
Please note that the temperature will be 67 degrees Fahrenheit in average and there may be a 6 percent chance of rain.
That's fine. Find me an one-way flight to go there. I want to book three Economy class tickets for the leaving date on 5th of March.
What is your present location to search for the flight?
Search it from SD.
Do you like to travel through Alaska Airlines? There is an onward flight which will take off at 1:05 pm for the ticket cost $278. How about your convenience in travel through this flight?
I prefer to travel through United Airlines on Premium Economy Class tickets. Search for the one according to my requirement.
What about an onward flight with United Airlines for the take off time 9:15 am under the ticket cost $362?
I need to search for some other flights.
I can't find anything else. How can I help you further?
Please make a search with Southwest Airlines for two tickets on 6th of March.
Got 1 onward flight with Southwest Airlines which will take off at 12:20 pm. It has a layover and the ticket cost is $420.
It looks good and I want a car for rent. I need the same for pick up at 6:15 pm. I prefer a Sedan Car. Can you get me the one?
Yes, please confirm whether you want the car on March 6th or March 8th and for how many days?
I want to book it from the 12th to March 14th.
Do you like to take a ride on a Sedan Buick Regal Sportback Car which will be available for pick up at Toronto Pearson International Airport?
Can you search for some other car for the date 13th of March?
Yes, what about the one like Sedan Hyundai Ioniq Car which will be available for pick up at Toronto Pearson International Airport?
That looks fine and that's all.
Have a great day.
Can you get me the weather for Phoenix for the 4th of March?
The average temperature for the day should be around 90 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 29 percent chance of rain.
Okay. Can you find me a one-way flight there?
What is your departure city? Will you be leaving on March 4th?
I want to leave on the 2nd of this month. I am departing from Portland, OR.
I found 5 flights for you. How about a flight on Alaska Airlines? It is a direct flight that departs at 10:20 am. The ticket is $135.
Is the flight for 1 person? Is it a business class ticket?
It is an Economy -class seat for 1 person.
Can you find me something else?
How about American Airlines? There is a 11:20 am departure that costs $207.
That sounds good. Can you get me a rental car? I need to pick it up at evening 7:45.
What will be your pick up and drop off dates? March 2nd, March 4th, or some other date?
I need it from the 6th of this month until the 11th of March.
I found a nice Sedan Audi A8 available at the Phoenix Union Station.
How much does it cost per day?
The rental costs $29.00 per day.
That sounds good.
Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No. Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Tell me the weather in Portland on the 10th of March.
Portland has an average temperature of 58 degrees on March 10th. There is also a 25 percent chance of rain occurring.
What's the humidity going to be like that day?
The humidity will be about 39 percent that day.
Will it be windy on the 10th?
It should be only 4 miles per hour when it comes to wind speed.
Okay thanks. I wanted to know that because I'm traveling to Portland soon. I want a one way flight with Alaska Airlines if possible.
What city do you want to depart from? Also, will it be on March 10th?
Okay that sounds pretty good. I'll be leaving from LAX and I'll be needing 3 tickets.
There is 1 flight that matches your criteria. It is a flight with Alaska Airlines that takes off at 5:30 am. The cost of the flight will be $145.
Perfect. I'm glad you could find one with Alaska Airlines. Oh right. I'll be needing a rental car as well. Please help me.
What time do you wish to pick up the car and how long will you be needing it?
I'll be needing the car until the 13th of March and I'll pick it up at 1:30 in the afternoon.
Do you wish for the pick up date to be March 10th?
No not the 10th. I'll be needing from the 11th of this month until the 12th of this month. I have no preference when it comes to the type of car.
There are 10 cars that I have found for you. There is a nice SUV available from the Portland Bus Station. It is an Alfa Romeo Stelvio.
I'm fine with that type of car. Anything works.
Shall I proceed with the reservation?
No I just wanted some information about it.
Okay. Do you require any more help at the moment?
That's all for now. Thanks for helping me out.
Have a wonderful day.
I was wondering what the weather is like in Phoenix.
The temperature will average 89 degrees Fahrenheit for the day with a 15 percent possibility of raining.
Alright can you check for NY on March 9th?
The temperature must be 70 degrees for the day on average and I think it will have 38 percent possibility of raining.
What is the wind like?
The wind will average a speed of 7 miles per hour.
What is the humidity like?
About 47 percent should be the humidity.
Alright, get me a one-way flight to there.
Will you leave on March 9th? What city are you leaving from?
I begin on the 6th of this month. So search for flights in Philadelphia.
There are 4 planes suited for you. What do you think of American Airlines. The onward plane departs at 1:20 pm and it is a direct flight. The price is $55.
Fair enough. I want a rental car in that location. I will take it up at 14:30.
Till what date will you be needing the car? Is it on March 9th that you want the car from?
Great. I will drop it off on the 12th of this month.
You can have a nice SUV Alfa Romeo Stelvio at Port Authority Station.
That works for me.
Shall I get you anything else?
Nope. Thank you.
Have a great day!
What's the weather like on the 9th of March?
What's the location you want to check?
I want to check SF.
The temperature will be 70 degrees Fahrenheit on average with a 2 percent chance it will rain.
Alright. I want to book a one way flight to go there.
Will your departure be March 9th?
Yes it will.
And where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from Kuala Lumpur.
There are 2 flights that might work. There's an American Airlines flight that leaves at 10:30 am, but it has a layover. The ticket is $407.
Yeah, I like that. I'll also need a rental car for when I'm there. I'd like a Hatchback. And I want it on the 13th of March at 19:00.
And when will you return the car?
I'll return it on the 14th of this month.
There's a nice Hatchback Mazda 3 at Salesforce Transit Center that meets your criteria.
Alright, nice. That's all the help I need.
Have a pleasant rest or your day.
What is the weather going to be like Wednesday next week in Philly?
The forecasts are predicting average temperature to be 94 Fahrenheit with a 26 percent chance of precipitation.
Okay, got it.
Do you still need assistance?
I need you to locate a one way flight to get there.
Where do you plan to be when you leave?
I plan to take off out of NY?
And would that be on March 6th?
No it would be the 5th of March.
I found a direct flight for $54 that leaves at 11:20 am the carrier is American Airlines.
That would probably work, can I get a rental car there?
I need some details when will you pick the car up March 6th? How long do you intend to use it and what time do you want to get it?
The starting date is right and I would be keeping it until the 10th of March I need to pick it up at 3:15 in the afternoon.
Intercity Terminal has a SUV Alfa Romeo Stelvio what do you think?
I am okay with almost any car but do you have anything else?
I found a Dodge Charger Sedan at the 30th Street Station.
What if I want it from March 7th and could take it in the evening 6:30 could you find another option?
I found 5 possibilities including a Ford Focus Hatchback at the 30th Street Station.
What does it run by the day?
It is $27.00.
I like that one.
Should I reserve it for you?
Not right this minute.
Can I be of any further assistance?
Not today, thanks.
Have a most wonderful day.
I would like to check the weather today in Nairobi.
The temperature should be around 105 degrees and there is a 0 percent chance of rain.
How windy is the day going to be?
The wind should be around 7 miles per hour
I would like to find a one way flight to get there today.
Which city are you departing from?
I'm departing from Atlanta.
There is Delta Airlines leaving at 6:05 am and the ticket is $424.
Can you find another flight?
There is United Airlines leaving at 7:25 am for $421.
When does the flight reach destination?
The flight reaches destination at 11:02 am.
Can you find me a car rental.
What time would you like to pick up the car?
I would like to pick up the car around 14:45.
You want the car from March 1st till when?
I will need it on the 8th till March 12th.
There are 5 cars available. There is a Sedan Audi A8 available at Jomo Kenyatta International Airport.
How much is the rental per day?
The cost is $22.00 per day.
Yes, that sounds good.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that is all I needed.
Have a good day.
Can you please check the weather for me for the 8th of March?
Sure, but first tell me for which city.
For Gilroy, please.
There's a 20 percent chance of rain with average temperatures around 85 degrees Fahrenheit.
Is it going to be humid or windy?
The average wind speed is forecast to be 9 miles per hour and the humidity should be around 40 percent.
OK, now let's check the weather for SFO.
There's a 13 percent change of rain with an average temperature of 70 degrees Fahrenheit.
OK, now let's see it for the 12th of this month.
There's a 23 percent change of rain with an average temperature of 76 degrees Fahrenheit.
OK, perfect. Now let's find a one-way flight to there.
Please tell me from where will you be taking off as well as if you plan to travel on March 12th.
I plan to fly out of Los Angeles on the 3rd.
There's an Alaska Airlines flight taking off at 11:40 pm with tickets priced at $91.
Please tell me for how many people is this ticket and for which class.
The tickets are in Economy an the price is for 1 person.
OK, thanks. Now let's find something else, in Premium Economy.
There are 4 flights matching your criteria, out of which I recommend the American Airlines flight taking off at 9:30 am with tickets priced at $170.
Sounds perfect. Now let's find a car rental at destination.
Please tell me the rental period as well as the desired pick up time. Do you plan to rent the car from March 12th?
No, I'll be needing the car from March 10th to the 14th of March. I would like to pick it up at 8:30 pm.
There are 7 cars matching your criteria out of which I recommend a very nice Audi A8 Sedan available for pick up from Salesforce Transit Center.
Sounds perfect. That will be all for now!
Have a great day!
I need to see what the weather is on the 5th of March.
What is the city you want to find out about the weather?
Let's look in Marshall.
There's a 25 percent chance of rain that day. The average temperature will be around 76 degrees Fahrenheit that day.
Right, what about checking San Fran for the 4th.
That day there will be about an average temp of 71 degrees and have a 16 percent rain chance.
Will it be humid or windy?
The average wind will have speeds of 8 miles per hour and a humidity of near 19 percent.
Right, okay then. Please search for some flights that are one way that is going there. I want to go with Delta Airlines and will be leaving from NY.
Will you be leaving on March 4th?
I actually will be going on the 3rd.
There is 1 flight. The onward flight will leave at 9:35 pm and will have a ticket price of $217. Is Delta Airlines your flight choice?
Sounds just right. Will you search for car rentals there?
Do you need a car starting from March 3rd?
I actually need it from the 7th of this month.
What is the pick up time you'd like and how long do you want to keep it?
I will need it until March 8th and will get it at 2:45 in the afternoon.
I found a good car that can be picked up at Salesforce Transit Center. The car is a Sedan Audi A8.
All right, great. That's all.
Enjoy your day.
How will be the weather on the 9th of this month?
In which city are you interested?
I'm interested in the weather in San Diego.
The average temperature for the day is expected to be around 83 degrees Fahrenheit with a 25 percent chance of rain.
Is it going to be windy or humid?
The humidity is expected to be around 40 percent with an average wind speed of 7 miles per hour.
Thank you. Can you find me a one-way flight to go there from Cape Town on South African Airways?
Will you be leaving on March 9th?
I'm planning to depart on March 8th.
There is just 1 flight that is suitable and it is a South African Airways flight the departs at 2:05 pm. A ticket costs $208.
Is this an economy class ticket or a business class ticket?
It is an Economy class ticket.
Is the price for 1 person?
Yes, it is for 1 passenger.
Okay. Can you find me a rental car that I can use once I get there?
On what date will you be picking up the car, March 8th or March 9th? At what time do you need the car to be available and when will you plan to return it?
I need the car in the evening 4:45 on March 11th, till the 13th of March.
There are 10 cars available and one of them is a Citroen C5 which is a nice SUV that is available at SAN International Airport.
What is the rental cost per day?
It costs $53.00 per day.
That sounds good to me. That's all I need for now.
Have a great day!
Tell me what the weather will be Monday next week.
What city do you want me to check?
Check in SD.
The normal temperature is 75 degrees with a 7 percent chance of precipitation.
What is the wind speed?
Winds average 9 miles an hour.
I see. Get me a one-way flight in any class for 1 person to go there on Monday next week.
What city are you leaving?
Search for flights out of Washington.
Search revealed 2 results. American Airlines takes off at 10:30 am, has a layover, and costs $243.
That works for me. I need a rental car when I arrive too.
Will you be picking up the car on March 4th and if so what time do you want to get it? When will you return the car?
I want to pick it up at 2 o'clock in the afternoon on the 5th of March and will return it on the 6th.
Search revealed 10 results. There is a SUV Citroen C5 at SAN International Airport.
What else do you have?
A Sedan Hyundai Ioniq is available at Santa Fe Depot.
That works for me.
Shall I get the car for you?
No, not right now. That is all.
Have a great day.
Please inform me about the weather in Portland, OR.
The temperature is found to be 75 degrees Fahrenheit. 9 percent chance of rain is forecast.
What about the condition on this Saturday.
The temperature is found to be 65 degrees and 15 percent chance for shower.
Please find a one way flight to there.
Date of location of departure please. Are you departing on March 2nd?
Look for flights from Toronto, Canada on March 1st.
2 flights are available. The Air Canada will take off at 4:35 pm with one layover. The cost is $277.
Look for another option. One ticket to leave this Saturday.
You can get 1 flight, United Airlines departing at 4:45 am with one layover and charging $283.
What is the type of class?
It is Economy class ticket.
Great, now look for a Sedan there on March 7th.
Do you need it from March 2nd? what is the time of pick up?
I need it from 6th of March and will pick up at half past 7 in the evening.
At Portland Bus Station you will get one, a Sedan Hyundai Ioniq.
Great, that will do.
Make a memorable day.
Can you find me a restaurant?
Sure. What type of cuisine would you like?
Find me a Barbecue restaurant.
What location should I search in?
Find me something in SF.
I have found 10 restaurants for you. You might like 1760. It is a nice restaurant in San Francisco.
Can you recommend any place else?
25 Lusk is a nice restaurant located in San Francisco.
Can you get me the phone number?
You can contact them at 415-495-5875.
Do they have outdoor seating? Can you get me the address?
The restaurant does not have outdoor seating. Their street address is 25 Lusk Street.
Any place else you find? How about something cheap?
I found 6 possible restaurants for you. How about Chaparral in San Francisco?
Yes, that would be good. I need to book a table for three people. Make it for the 6th at 10:45.
Confirming that you want a table for 3 at Chaparral in San Francisco. Your reservation will be for March 6th at 10:45 am. Is this information correct?
Yes, that will work.
Sorry, but I was unable to book your table for 3 at Chaparral. Should I try for March 6th at 11 am?
Yes, that will work.
Your reservation has been confirmed.
Thank you so much.
Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes, get me a cab to the restaurant.
You need a cab to 471 Haight Street? What type of ride do you need, Pool, Regular or something else?
Yes I want a Shared ride to that address.
Can you confirm that you want a Pool ride for 3 to 471 Haight Street?
Yes, that is fine. How long will the cab be? How much will it cost?
I have successfully booked your cab and it will arrive in 6 minutes. It will cost you $18.52.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else?
No, thanks for your help.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
I need a place to eat.
What location and kind of food are you seeking?
Please find a restaurant in Berkeley serving barbecue.
B&b kitchen & Wine Bar is nice and is a restaurant in Berkeley.
What is the phone number and are they expensive in the restaurant?
The restaurant is moderate and has a phone number of 510-647-9329.
Yes, that is great.
Do you wish to reserve a table here?
Yes, I'd like to reserve a table for four people March 13th at 7 in the evening.
Please confirm details to book a table for 4 on March 13th at 7 pm at B&b kitchen & Wine Bar in Berkeley.
Yes, that will work and what is the address?
The reservation is a success and the street address is 2116 Shattuck Avenue.
Are there vegetarian options on the menu?
They have some good options that are vegetarian.
Thanks so much and can you get me a cab there?
Would you have a preferred type of ride?
I will be in a group of 3 that is the cheapest ride.
Please confirm details for a ride to 2116 Shattuck Avenue for 3 seats pool ride.
Yes, that will work for me.
I have a cab booked for the ride and its on its way.
Thanks so much for your help.
Would I be able to help you with anything else?
No thanks for your help a lot.
Have a nice day.
Find a place where I can get a bite to eat please. I really like Pho cuisine.
Is there an area you would like me to search?
A joint in San Fran is preferred.
One idea is eating at the Anh Hong restaurant. They are in the San Francisco area.
Is there patio type dining available at the location? I would also like a number to contact the restaurant please.
They only serve inside the building. You can call them by dialing 415-885-5180.
I see. Thanks.
I would be happy to make a reservation for you.
Thank you very much, please do. I would like table at 19:30.
I want to make sure I understand your request. One reservation is to be made at the Anh Hong joint in San Francisco. The table will be for 2. The time will be 7:30 pm this March 1st.
Thank you for checking. Everything is right.
Your table has been saved for you.
Is the price range expensive or cheap. Does the joint have a user rating?
Their prices fall in the moderate range. Their rating is 4.4.
I see. Once again I would like to express my gratitude for your excellent assistance.
My pleasure. I am able to assist you with other tasks if you like.
I would like further assistance. I am looking for a Normal ride for 2 of us to 808 Geary Street.
Great. I will search for a Regular ride for 2 going to 808 Geary Street if my details are correct?
That is exactly what I need help with.
A taxi will be arriving soon.
Once again I am grateful fr your help. Have a good one!
Enjoy dinner tonight!
Hi! Can you help me find an economical Moroccan restaurant?
I'd be happy to help. Where would you like me to search?
I need to find something in San Francisco.
There are 3 that meet your criteria. May I suggest El Mansour in San Francisco?
That sounds nice. Can you reserve a table for me?
Of course. What time works best for you?
Please make it for 11:15 in the morning.
You'd like to reserve a table for 2 at El Mansour in San Francisco at 11:15 am on March 1st. Is this correct?
Yes, that's correct. Can you tell me the address of the restaurant?
They are located at 3119 Clement Street. Unfortunately, El Mansour does not have a table available at that time. Would you like me to try for a table for 2 on March 1st at 11:30 am instead?
That would be fine.
Great! Your table has been reserved.
I'd like to get a cab ride there but I'd prefer an expensive car.
You'd like a luxury ride for 2 to 3119 Clement Street. Is that correct?
That is correct.
Your cab is on the way.
Can you tell me the estimated arrival time?
It should be here in 7 minutes.
What will the total be?
The total cost of the cab ride will be $43.50.
Perfect. Thanks for the assistance.
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
I would like to look up some places to eat please.
Sure, I can help you with that. What city would you like to search? I will also need to know what type of food your interested in?
Let's pull Oriental restaurants that are moderate in price in the Mountain View area.
Sure, one moment. I've located a great one for you in Mountain View called Hangen Szechuan. How does this sound?
Perfect, I appreciate that!
No problem! Should we book a table at this time?
Yes, Let's reserve the table now.
Ok, what time should we reserve for?
I would prefer twelve in the afternoon if possible.
Sure thing, please go ahead and confirm we are booking a table for 2 people on March 1st at 12 pm at the Hangen Szechuan restaurant in Mountain View. Is this correct?
Yes, that is perfect!
Great, your reservation was created successfully.
Thanks, let's also set up a cab as well to get there. I would like to ride to 134 Castro Street, let's also make sure this is an expensive ride too!
Alright, please confirm we are setting up a Luxury ride for 2 passengers to go to 134 Castro Street. Is this detail correct?
Yes it is. Find out how much the ride will cost please.
Great news, I've booked your ride and the cab is on it's way now. The total for the ride will be $22.71
Great, thanks for that. Good bye!
Your welcome, Good bye!
I want to find a restaurant. Can you find me something serving Sandwich, with vegetarian options? Something in Los Gatos.
I found 1 nice restaurant. How about McDonald's in Los Gatos?
Yes, that sounds good. I want to book a table.
Sure. For what time?
Make it for half past 12 in the afternoon.
Can you confirm that you want to book a table for 2 at McDonald's in Los Gatos on March 1st at 12:30 pm?
Yes, that works. Can you give me the address and user rating?
I'm sorry but I was unable to make your reservation. Can I help you with anything else?
Try booking it again for 11:30.
Confirming that you want to book a table for 2 at McDonald's in Los Gatos for March 1st at 11:30 am?
Yes,that is correct.
Your reservation is confirmed.
Thanks a lot. Can you get me a cab to go to the restaurant?
Sure. What type of ride do you prefer?
I want a Expensive ride to 15475 Los Gatos Boulevard.
Confirming that you want a 2 seat Luxury ride to 15475 Los Gatos Boulevard?
No. I only need 1 seat.
Confirming that you want a ride for 1 to 15475 Los Gatos Boulevard?
Yes. How much will this cost? When will the cab arrive?
Your cab is booked and on its way. The ride will cost $26.82 and will arrive in 13 minutes.
Thanks for helping me.
Can I help you with anything else?
No, thanks a lot.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day.
I'd like to find a place to eat.
Where did you want me to look in?
I'd like to find something in San Mateo.
What type of food were you trying to find?
I'd like to find a Burger place.
I found 4 restaurants for you. One nice place is Central Park Bistro in San Mateo.
Did you have any other recommendations?
I also found Poplar Creek Grill. It is a nice place located in San Mateo.
Does this restaurant have outdoor seating?
Yes, they do.
What is the price range?
It is a pricey restaurant.
Did you have any other recommendations?
Porterhouse is also a nice restaurant in San Mateo.
Yes, that sounds good. I'm trying to book a table for three at a restaurant.
What time would you like to book it?
I'd like it at seven in the evening.
Please confirm you're booking a table for 3 at Porterhouse in San Mateo on March 1st at 7 pm.
Yes, that is correct. Where is it located?
Your booking has been made. It is at 60 East 3rd Avenue.
Thank you very much. Could you also help me find a cab there?
Did you have a preference for the type of ride?
I'd like a Shared ride.
Please confirm you're booking a Pool ride for 3 to 60 East 3rd Avenue.
Yes, that is correct. How much will the ride be and when will it get here?
Your ride has been booked. It will be $28.35 and it should be herre in 9 minutes.
Thank you for your help.
Did you need help with anything else?
No, but thanks again.
Have a great day.
Some friends will be in town soon and I'd really like to find a cool place with outdoor seating where we can meet for dinner.
In what area are you looking to dine? And do you have a cuisine preference?
Oh, I need a restaurant in San Francisco and Korean Barbeque would be nice.
There is a great restaurant in San Francisco that you might like; it's called Stone Korean Kitchen.
How many stars does it have? And is it a pricey place?
They have 3.8 stars and the price range is considered moderate
Perfect. That sounds wonderful!
Do you want to make a reservation for this restaurant now?
Yes please. I'd like to book a table for three at 1:30 in the afternoon on the 12th of this month.
So you would like me to make a reservation for 3 at Stone Korean Kitchen in San Francisco, for 1:30 pm on March 12th. Do I have this right?
Ye. That's it. Can you also give me their exact location as well as a contact number for the restaurant?
Your booking has been confirmed. The restaurant is located at 4 Embarcadero Center and their number is 415-839-4070
I also need to reserve a taxi to get to the restaurant
Are you looking for a specific type of taxi, like Pool, Luxury, or some other option?
Oh, I definitely want a Luxurious ride.
Okay, so you would like a Luxury taxi for 3 and the drop off destination is 4 Embarcadero Center. Correct?
Yes, that's what I want
Your taxi has been ordered and your driver is on their way
Great. Thank you!
Was there anything further?
Nope. You've helped me with everything I needed. Thanks!
Have a great time!
Can you help me find an Asian Fusion restaurant in Santa Clara.
Beijing Restaurant is a nice place to eat in Santa Clara.
Please give me their phone number. And do they have an outdoor seating area?
You can reach them at 408-423-0001. They do not have an outdoor seating area.
What other restaurants do you recommend? I want something that has a moderate price range.
Korean Spring in Santa Clara might be a good match.
Yeah, that sounds nice. Can you book me a table for quarter past 1 in the afternoon?
I'll book you a table for 2 at Korean Spring in Santa Clara for March 1st at 1:15 pm. Do you want to confirm?
I actually want the table for the 13th of March.
I'll book you a table for MArch 13th at 1:15 pm. Do you want to confirm?
Wait, no. It should be eleven am.
I'll book you a table for 11 am in Santa Clara. Do you want to confirm?
Yes, I confirm that. Are there vegetarian items there? And what's the user rating?
I've booked your table. There are no vegetarian items. They have a 4.2 user rating.
Thanks a lot. I'll need a cab to get there. I prefer a Luxury cab.
The cab is to 1062 Kiely Boulevard?
Yes, that's right.
I'll get you a Luxury cab for 2 to 1062 Kiely Boulevard. Do you want to confirm?
Yes, that's good. What's the cost?
The cost is $27.65. I've book the cab and it's on route now.
Thanks for helping me out.
How else can I help you?
I'm good. Thanks again.
Have a great day.
Can you search for me a intermediate priced restaurant?
Sure. What type of cuisine do you prefer?
I want something serving Barbecue.
Where should I search?
Find me a restaurant in Rohnert Park.
I found 2 restaurants that you might like. How about Bear Republic Brewing Co.? It is a nice restaurant located in Rohnert Park.
Can you give me their phone number and user rating?
The user rating is around 4.3. You can contact them at 707-585-2722.
Can you recommend me something else?
The Daily Grill is a nice restaurant located in Rohnert Park.
Yes, that sounds good.
Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please reserve me a table. I need a table for 1 person for the morning 10:30.
Confirming that you want to reserve a table for 1 at the Daily Grill in Rohnert Park. Your reservation is for March 1st at 10:30 am. Is this information correct?
Yes, that is correct.
Sorry, but I was unable to make a reservation. Can I assist you with something else?
Can you try again? Make the reservation for 12:15 pm.
Can you confirm the following: you want to book at table for 1 at the Daily Grill in Rohnert Park. Your reservation is for March 1st at 12:15 pm. Is this information correct?
Yes it is. Can you give me the restaurant's user rating?
They are rated at around 4.0. Sorry, but I was unable to make your reservation for 1 at the Daily Grill. Should I try for March 1st at 12 pm?
Yes, that works for me.
Your reservation is successful.
What's the address?
They are located at 630 Park Court.
Thanks. Can you arrange an Expensive cab ride to the restaurant?
Sure. Confirming that you want a Luxury ride for 1 to 630 Park Court. Is this information correct?
Yes, that works. How long until the cab gets here? How much will it cost.
Your cab is expected to arrive in 13 minutes. The ride will cost you $18.80. I have booked your ride and your cab is on its way.
Thanks a lot for helping me.
Is there anything else that you need?
No, thanks a lot for your help.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
What are some good restaurants?
What kind of cuisine do you prefer and where would you like to search?
I'm in the mood for European food in Concord.
There's 1 restaurant you might enjoy in Concord. It is D J's Bistro.
Please give me their address and phone number.
The address is 1825 Sutter Street #C and their phone number is 925-825-3277.
I like the sound of that.
Do you want to book a table?
Yes, please. Book a table for the 14th of March at 11:00
I'll book you a table for 2 at D J's Bistro in Concord for March 14th at 11 am. Is that correct?
No, I have some corrections. Make it for half past 7 in the evening and for a 3 person table.
I'll book the table for 3 for 7:30 pm. Is that correct?
Actually, the table should be for four and change the date to this Sunday.
I'll book the table for 4 for March 3rd. Is that correct?
Yes, that's correct. Do they have an outdoor seating area?
I've booked the table. There is no outdoor seating.
I also need a cab to get there.
Do you have a specific type of cab you prefer such as regular or pool?
I just want the cheapest cab.
I'll get you a pool cab to 1825 Sutter Street #C for 4 people. Is that correct?
Wait, just make it a normal cab.
I'll get you a regular cab to 1825 Sutter Street #C. Is that correct?
Yeah, that is correct.
The cab is booked and on route.
Thanks for all the help. I'll be going now.
Have a great day.
I want to get dinner. Can you find me a reasonably priced Coffeehouse, please?
What city would you like me to look in?
Look for restaurants in Oakland.
Paulista Brazilian Kitchen and Taproom is in Oakland.
That will be fine. I would like to reserve a table.
What time would you like the reservation for?
Make it for a quarter to 5 in the evening.
You would like a table for 2 at Paulista Brazilian Kitchen and Taproom in Oakland at 4:45 pm on March 1st, is that correct?
Yes, you got it. Do you they have outdoor seating? What is the phone number?
I'm sorry, I was not able to make a reservation for that time. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you try to book the table at half past 6 in the evening instead?
You would like a table for 2 at Paulista Brazilian Kitchen and Taproom in Oakland at 6:30 pm on March 1st, is that correct?
Yes, that's right.
Your reservation is successful.
Thank you. Can you order me a cab to go there?
Are you going to 4239 Park Boulevard?
Yes, that's correct. I would prefer the most comfortable ride.
You would like a Luxury ride to 4239 Park Boulevard with 2 seats, is this correct?
Yes, that's right.
You cab is booked and on its way.
Thank you for all your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all, thank you.
Have a great day!
I'm searching for a location to dine. I'm searching for a diner with an average priced tag.
What type of cuisine are you searching for?
Get me one that offers burger.
What place ought I look in?
Look for diners in San Jose.
71 Saint Peter is a lovely diner, and is located in San Jose.
Could you recommend alternative diners? Get me one that offers pasta.
Al Castello Ristorante is a lovely diner, and is placed in San Jose.
Yeah, that's lovely.
Do you wish to book a spot there?
Yeah, I'd like to book a spot.
When ought I attempt to book for?
Book it on half past 12 in the afternoon.
Please verify the following information: reserve a spot at Al Castello Ristorante in San Jose for March 1st, 12:30 pm. The booking is for 2 people.
Yeah, that's fine with me.
Your booking is complete.
Could you get me a taxi to head there?
What sort of taxi do you like? You may take pool or luxury, or something else. Will you head to 2083 Camden Avenue?
Yeah, that's fine with me. I'd prefer a The most comfortable ride.
Please verify the following information: you'd like a taxi to 2083 Camden Avenue. You require 2 seats, and prefer a luxury ride.
Yeah, that's fine with me.
I reserved your taxi and it is coming.
What is its price?
The taxi price is $39.60.
Thank you for your assistance; that's all.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
I'd like to find a place to eat.
What type of food would you like?
Chinese.
Where should I search?
San Fran.
I found 10 options for chinese in San Francisco. How about Alice's?
What else is there? I'd like something affordable priced.
There's Beijing Restaurant in San Francisco.
What's their number? Do they have outdoor seating?
They do not. BUt their number is 415-333-8182.
That works.
Would you like a table?
Yes please, on march 6th at 6:30 in the evening.
Please confirm: YOu want a reservation at beijing restaurant in san francisco for 2 on march 6th at 6:30 pm.
Exactly, what's their rating?
Your reservation was successful. The rating is 4.1
Could you get me a cab there?
To 1801 Alemany Boulevard? Do you have a preferred type of ride?
Yes, and I do, a normal ride.
Please confirm: Book a cab going to 1801 alemany boulevard for 2, a regular ride.
Exactly.
It's booked and on its way!
Thank you, that's all I need.
Have a wonderful day!
I want to find some restaurants that have been tagged as intermediate priced for cost. Please include outdoor seating areas.
What is your preferred location search?
Look in Calistoga for restaurants.
What is your desired kind of food?
Search for places that serve Gastropub.
I was able to locate 1 restaurant in Calistoga that you may enjoy. Johnny's is a lovely restaurant.
Okay, sounds nice.
Do you want me to book a table there?
Yep, go ahead and book a table for 1 person. I'd like a reservation at 1 o'clock in the afternoon on the 9th of March.
Making a reservation for 1 person on March 9th at 1 pm at the restaurant Johnny's in Calistoga. Is that right?
Yep, that's it. Can you tell me their user rating and where they are located?
They have a user rating that is close to 4.2 and are located at 1457 Lincoln Avenue. The reservation has been completed.
Thanks ever so much. Would you get me a shared ride cab to take me there?
Find a pool ride for 1 seat that will take you to 1457 Lincoln Avenue. Are these details correct?
Right, that's what I need. What is the estimated time before the cab gets here?
The ride is booked and headed your way. It should be there in about 7 minutes.
What will be the price?
The price of the ride is $13.81.
Your help has been great and that's it.
Enjoy the day!
I want to find a place to eat that serves Southern in Mountain View and has outdoor seating.
I have located 4 restaurants that fit your preferences. One is called Michaels at Shoreline and it is located in Mountain View and really nice.
Yes, that sounds fine.
Do you want to make a reservation for a table there?
Yes, I would like to reserve a table there.
What time do you want to make the reservation for?
Make the reservation for 5:45 in the evening.
Okay, confirm these details for me: You want to book a table for Michaels At Shoreline in Mountain View for 2 people at 5:45 pm on March 1st.
Yes, that is good.
My apologies, but I couldn't make the reservation for you. Another good restaurant is Michaels at Shoreline. Would you like me to try to make a reservation at 5:30 pm on March 1st for 2 people?
Yes, that is good for me.
Your reservation has been successfully made.
Would you be able to get me a cab to take me there? I would like it to be the most comfortable ride going to 2960 North Shoreline Boulevard.
Okay, confirm these details for me: You would like a luxury ride going to 2960 North Shoreline Boulevard with 2 seat.
Yes, that would be good for me.
I have booked the cab for you and they are headed to pick you up. The price for the cab ride is $45.59 and it will be there in 11 minutes.
Thank you very much for your help.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all. Thanks very much for the help.
Have a fantastic day.
Can you help me find a restaurant in SFO that serves Pizza and Pasta? Don't worry about the price range.
There are 10 such restaurants in San Francisco. One great restaurant that may you suit your needs is 54 Mint Ristorante Italiano
Are there others that may be good?
Sure. A16 is another lovely one that is also in San Francisco
Can you tell me their exact location? As well as the number where they can be reached?
Sure thing. They are located at 2355 Chestnut Street and you can contact them by calling 415-771-2216
Perfect. That sounds great
Are you looking to make a reservation at this restaurant?
Yes please. I'd like to make a reservation for two
And what time would you prefer?
Let's make it for 1:30 in the afternoon
Okay, so that's a reservation for 2 at 1:30 pm on March 1st at A16 restaurant in San Francisco, right?
Actually, let's change the time to afternoon 12:15
So that's a 12:15 pm reservation for the restaurant located in San Francisco. Correct?
Yes. That is exactly what I'd like. By the way, can you tell me the user rating for this restaurant?
The restaurant has a user rating of 4.3. That reservation for A16 restaurant was not successful, unfortunately. Would you like me to try for a reservation for 2 at the restaurant on March 1st at 12 pm instead?
Sure thing, that would be great.
That booking has been confirmed.
Great. I also need a taxi to get to the restaurant
Are you looking fora specific type of ride?
Yes please. An Expensive ride would be nice
To confirm then, you want a Luxury taxi for 2 and your destination is 2355 Chestnut Street?
Yes, that would be perfect!
Your taxi has been reserved and your driver is on the way.
Great. Thanks so much for everything!
Will there be anything further?
Nope. I'm all set. Thanks!
Enjoy your evening!
I want to find a place to eat.
What kind of food do you want to eat? Where are you looking in?
I want to find Filipino restaurants in San Fran.
Pampalasa is a nice Filipino restaurant in San Francisco.
Is it expensive?
No, they are cheap.
Okay, sounds good. I want to book a table for 1 person.
What time would you like the reservation for?
I want to make the reservation for 12:30 pm.
Please confirm: A table at Pampalasa in San Francisco at 12:30 pm for 1 person on March 1st.
Yes, that sounds great.
Your reservation has been made.
Thanks. Can you find me a cab to get there? I'm looking for a pool ride to 1261 Folsom Street.
Please confirm: a pool ride for 1 to 1261 Folsom Street.
Yes, sounds good.
Your ride has been booked and is on its way.
Thanks so much.
Anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all.
Have a great day!
Can you help me find somewhere good to eat?
What type of food are you interested in eating, and where did you want to dine?
Can you look up Taiwanese restaurants in SFO.
I have located Alice's in San Francisco.
That would be fine. Can you see do they have one table available on the 9th for half past 7 in the evening.
Okay, I will reserve a table for 1 at Alice's in San Francisco for 7:30 pm on March 9th, is that correct?
Yes that is perfect. Can I have the address please, and do you know if this place serves vegetarian meals?
Yes this restaurant have vegetarian dishes. The address is 1599 Sanchez Street, and your reservation is complete.
Thank you for that, now can you help me get a cab?
Sure, do you have a ride preference?
Yes, please look up shared rides.
You would like 1 pool ride to 1599 Sanchez Street?
Yes, that is it. Can I please have the total cost and how long the ride will be?
I have reserved your shared ride, the estimated travel time is 9 minutes and your total cost will be $17.97.
Thank you so much. Good bye.
You are welcome. Good bye.
What's the weather going to be like in vancouver on March 10th?
The forecast average is 68 degrees with a 25 per cent chance of rain.
Any good attractions in town?
I have 10 good options including Bloedel Conservatory, a city park.
Lovely! Can you book me a ride there?
Do you want a luxury or pool ride? How many people?
Just a normal ride please, book for 1.
Confirming you want to book a regular cab to Bloedel Conservatory for 1 person.
Yes thanks, whats the cost estimate?
Your ride has been booked and is on route. The cost is $24.15.
Great thanks so much.
Do you need anything else?
no that's all for now
Have a safe journey.
I need to check the weather on March 2nd in Long Beach, CA.
The average temperature is 77 degrees F with a 15 percent chance of rain.
How humid is it and windy?
The average wind speed should be 8 mph and humidity 35 %.
Sure that is fine. Can you show me attractions that are there?
Please check out the Aquarium of the Pacific a Nature Preserve.
Is the entrance to the attraction free and what is their phone number?
The phone number is 562-590-3100 and isn't free.
Cool, any other attractions you know of because I'd like something without an entry fee.
There would be 5 attractions of interest including Earl Burns Miller Japanese Garden a Park you should check out.
Okay that is great.
Is there anything else I could assist with?
Can you get me a cab going there?
What type of ride do you prefer? Could you take Pool or Regular or anything else?
I prefer a ride that is expensive.
What number of seats do you need?
I am a with a group of 1.
Please confirm details for a ride to Earl Burns Miller Japanese Garden 1 seat luxury.
Yes, that will work for me.
I booked the ride and the cab is coming.
Thanks so much for your help.
Could I assist you with anything else?
No, thanks so much for the help.
Have a nice day.
What is the weather like in London, UK on the 3rd?
The average temperature should be around 88 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 29 percent chance of rain.
How windy and humid will it be during the day?
The mile should be around 2 miles per hour and the humidity should be around 66 percent.
Can you find an attraction there?
There is 30 St Mary Axe (The Gherkin) it's a Historical Landmark.
Is this a child-friendly attraction?
Yes, It's a child-friendly place.
I would like a luxurious ride to get there we are 3 people.
You need a luxury ride to 30 St Mary Axe (The Gherkin) for 3 people.
I would prefer a regular ride instead for one person.
Booking 1 seat in a regular ride.
Yes, how long before the cab gets here and what is the cost?
The cab will be there in 2 minutes and the cost is $21.17.
Thank you for your help.
Can I help with something else?
No, that is all.
Have a good day.
I need to find out the weather.
What city would you like to check the weather in?
Let's check Anaheim, CA.
The average temperature for the day is expected to be 78 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 29 percent chance of rain.
Thank you. I would like to find something to do there. Can you show me some attractions in the area that are child-friendly, with no admission fee? Any type is fine.
There are 6 attractions that meet your criteria, including Angel Stadium of Anaheim, a Sports Venue.
What is the phone number?
The phone number is 714-940-2000.
OK, sounds great. Can you help me order a cab to get there?
What type of ride would you prefer, for example Pool or Luxury? How many seats do you need?
I prefer a Shared ride. We have a group of two.
You would like a car to Angel Stadium of Anaheim with 2 seats available in a Pool ride, is that correct?
Yes, that sounds great.
Your cab is booked and is on its way.
Thanks very much for your help! That's all I need for now.
Have a wonderful day!
Will you see what the weather is on March 9th?
In what city would you like me to find this?
Please look in Fresno, CA.
The day should have an average temperature of 93 degrees Fahrenheit. The chance of rain is 25 percent.
Can you tell me the humidity and how windy it will be that day?
The humidity will have a level of 27 percent and the wind will have average speeds of 5 miles per hour.
Alright, got it. Would you tell me about the attractions that have a natural spot?
There's 1 attraction you may like. The Fresno Chaffee Zoo is a Nature Preserve so you may really like it.
Right, sounds lovely.
Would you like me help with anything else?
Would you find me a cab that would take me there?
What is the number of seats and what is your ride preference?
There will only be 1 and I would like to have a shared ride.
You need a pool ride for 1 to the Fresno Chaffee Zoo. Is that correct?
Yep, that's correct. What will the price?
The ride will be a total charge of $13.19. The ride is reserved and heading your way.
I really appreciate all your help.
Do you need more assistance?
Nope, but thanks so much.
Enjoy this lovely day.
Tell me what the weather is like in Ciudad de Mexico.
It averages a temperature of 102 degrees Fahrenheit with a 0 percent chance of rain.
Oh fine. Are there any attractions in the area. I want to take my kids there and I would prefer a Museum.
I have a list of 10 attractions. I recommend the Arte Carrillo Gil Museum which is a Museum.
Fantastic. I want you to fetch me a cab for four people.
Is there a particular ride you prefer?
I want the cheapest ride.
So you would like a ride of 4 seats to the Arte Carrillo Gil Museum. Also you want a pool ride. Is that right?
Yep, sounds good. What is the price?
Your cab will be here soon as I have booked your ride. It will be a total of $32.86.
How much time will it take for the cab to get here?
You can count on the cab to here in 4 minutes.
Thanks very much, that will be all.
Have a great day!
I must verify the climate on the 3rd.
What metropolis would you like to verify the climate for?
It should be in Sydney, NSW.
The mean temperature for that day ought to be 101 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 4 percent probability of raining.
What will the wind speed be like?
The mean wind speed ought to be 2 mile per hour.
How much humidity will there be?
the humidity is expected to be near 17 percent.
Okay, fine. Could you tell me several attractions there? I am searching for a historical spot.
There is 1 attraction that may suit your tastes. You ought to check out Sydney Harbour Bridge, which is a historical landmark.
Alright, fine. Could you get me a cab to go there?
What sort of vehicle would you like? You may have regular, luxury, or something else.
I'd like the cheapest vehicle.
How many spots would you require?
There is one person in my group.
Please verify the following information: you'd like a ride to Sydney Harbour Bridge for a pool ride with 1 seat.
Yeah, that's fine with me. How long will the cab take to arrive, and what is the price?
I reserved ride and the taxi is coming. The taxi will arrive in about 8 minutes, and the price is $17.97.
Thank you for your assistane.
Could I assist you with something else?
Nope; thank you for your assistance.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
I need to find out what the weather will be on the day after tomorrow.
What city would you like the weather report for?
Please check Portland.
The average temperature for that day is expected to be 70 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 22 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy? And what is the humidity forecast?
The average wind speed is expected to be 5 miles per hour. The humidity is 10 percent.
OK, thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would like to find out what there is to do there. What kind of attractions can you show me? Any type is okay.
There are 10 attractions in the area. Crystal Springs Rhododendron Garden is a Park.
Does it seem to be a child-friendly location?
Yes, there are activities at the park for children.
Sounds good, can you help me get a cab to there? I would like a luxury ride and it is one person.
You would like a Luxury ride with 1 seat to Crystal Springs Rhododendron Garden, is this correct?
Yes, that is right.
Your ride is booked and is on its way.
Thank you for your help. I'm all done for now.
Have a wonderful day!
Hi I'm hoping the weather is good in New Delhi on Wednesday next week. Can you check it for me?
It looks like the temperature that day should be around 93 degrees Fahrenheit with a 0 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity expected to be?
The humidity should be about 15 percent.
Okay, good. What about some attractions? Please find me a shopping district.
I suggest you fo to Khan Market, it is a shopping area.
Sounds good to me. Please get me a cab for two people.
Do you have a ride preference? There's Pool, Luxury, etc.
I would like a pool ride.
So you want a ride for 2 people to Khan Market and you'd like a pool ride. Is this correct?
Sounds good. What will the cost be and when should I expect the cab to be here?
I booked the cab and it should arrive shortly, in about 5 minutes. The cost for the ride should be $13.77
Thank you so much for your help.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That will be all, thank you again.
Have a great day!
I need to check weather for the 10th of this month.
In which city would you like to check in?
I wanna see for Portland, OR.
The average temp is expected to be 58 degrees Fahrenheit with a 25 percent chance of rain.
How windy is it gonna be?
The average wind speed is expected to be 4 MPH.
Humidity information for that day?
It is expected to have a humidity of 39 percent.
Thanks for that.
Yes, is there anything else to help with?
Is there any good places to visit?
There are 10 options, such as Crystal Springs Rhododendron Garden, a park.
Okay, I need a cab for there.
Which type of ride would you like? There is Pool or Regular, and anything else. Seats in total?
I need an expensive one this time and have a group of 2.
So you would like a ride to Crystal Springs Rhododendron Garden, and 2 seats as a Luxury ride?
Yes, indeed.
Your ride is now booked and cab is on the way.
Wow then, thanks for that!
Of course. Enjoy your safe travels.
I want to search weather on 4th of this month in Seattle, wa
The average temperature for the day should be 69 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 43 percent chance to rain
Great can you show me some attractions there
You should check out a park called alki beach park
Cool I prefer regular ride shall I get a cab to there
For how many seats do you need
Make it for 1
Please confirm the following you want to write to alki beach park and you prefer a regular ride for 1 seat
Correct that works with me
I booked your cap and it is on its way
What is its cost and how long before the cab reaches here
The cost is $21.14 for and the cab will reach in 4 minutes
Thanks a lot
Can I help you with anything more
No thanks for this
Have a great day
I need to check weather in Cloverdale on the 4th of march.
It'll be 71 degrees with a 24 % chance of rain.
How windy and humid will it be?
The wind speed will be 1 mph with a 26 % humidity.
How about Fresno, CA on the 10th?
It'll be 90 degrees with a 13 % chanc eof rain.
Cool. Can you show me some attractions there?
How about Blackbeard's Family Entertainment? It's a theme park.
is it free? What is their contact number?
559-292-9000, and it is free.
Cool, anything else?
There's the Christmas tree lane, a tourist attraction.
Great, I'd like to get a cab there. The cheapest possible for 3.
Please confirm: A pool cab ride for 3 to Christmas Tree Lane
Exactly. how much will it cost, and how long until it arrives?
It'll cost $23.54, and be there in 5 minutes.
Thank you.
Do you need anything else?
No thanks.
Have a good day!
I want to know what the weather would be like in Sydney, Australia on the 2nd.
The estimated temperature for that day is 101 degrees Fahrenheit with a 2 percent chance of rainfall.
Great. What fun places can I visit when I get there?
There are 10 sites that might appeal to you. There is the ANZ stadium, which is a sports venue.
I do not really like sports. Is there anything else which doesn't have an entrance fee?
There is a museum called Australian National Maritime Museum.
Would my kids find the place cool? May I have a contact number?
The number is 2 9298 3777 and your kids would have a good time there.
Ok. I want a cab to get there.
What kind of ride would you like?
A luxury ride.
How may seats?
Just two seats.
You would like 2 seats on a Luxury ride to the Australian National Maritime Museum?
Yes, I would.
I have made the reservation and the cab should arrive shortly.
Thanks very much.
Anything else you need assistance with?
No, that would be all.
Enjoy your day.
Could you tell me what the weather will be on March 9th?
And what location are you interested in?
For Seattle, Wa
The average for today is 64 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 14 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy?
The wind should be about 5 miles per hour.
Will it be humid?
Expect it to be 13 percent.
Great, how about some attractions?
How about Alki Beach Park. That's a Park.
Do they charge for admission? Would be good for kids?
It's great for kids and there is a charge.
Anything else ?
Take a look at Bill Speidel's Underground Tour. It's a Tourist Attraction.
Please order a cab to take me there.
Do you want that to be Luxury or Regular or another type. For how many people.
Get me an Expensive ride. There's just me. So order one.
To confirm: You need 1 Luxury seat on Bill Speidel's Underground Tour.
Great. How much will they charge. How long before it gets here?
That's booked for 11 minutes from now and will cost $34.79.
Thanks, I appreciate that.
Will there be anythin else?
No, that's great. Thanks
Take care now.
I'd like to know the weather forecast for the 4th of this month.
What city do you need the forecast for?
The forecast for Seattle Washington.
The average temperature for Seattle for the 4th of this month will be 69 degree Fahrenheit with a 43 percent chance of precipitation.
Okay. I want to see some attractions in Seattle.
There are 10 listings for attractions. You may like Alki Beach Park. It is a family park.
Okay. What else is there that's kid-friendly. Maybe something unusual?
There is a tourist attraction, Bill Speidel's Underground Tour.
Okay. What about another one?
There is a museum, the Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture.
Is there a ticket cost for the museum? What is the telephone number?
The entry to the museum is free and the telephone number is 206-685-3861.
Okay. I would like a cab to go to the Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture.
How many passengers will there be?
It's just for me, so 1.
Do you want a regular ride, pool ride, luxury ride or something else?
I think I would just like the regular ride.
Okay. Please confirm the following information. You want a regular ride for 1 to the Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture.
Yes. How much is that going to cost and when will it get here?
The cab has been booked and should arrive in 5 to 8 minutes. The cost will be $16.80.
Great. Thanks. That's all I need for right now.
Enjoy your day at the museum.
Tell me what the weather is.
What city shall I search for?
Tell me the weather in New Delhi.
Today's average temperature is 99 degrees with a 4 percent chance of precipitation.
What is the humidity level?
The average humidity is 21 perent.
I see. What fun things are there to do there?
Adventure Island is a Theme Park and is one of 10 attractions that search found.
Will kids like it and what is their contact number?
Kids will love it and you can contact them at 83770 02902.
I see. I need a ride for two people to get there.
Do you prefer a Regular, Luxury, or some other type of ride?
Book me a Luxurious cab.
You want a Luxury cab for 2 people to Adventure Island, correct?
That is right.
Your ride is confirmed and is coming for you right now.
What is the total cost and my wait time?
The total cost is $27.80 and your ride will be there in 12 minutes.
Thanks a bunch. That is everything for now.
Have a great day.
I would like to know what the weather in Vancouver, BC is like today.
It will be around 75 degrees Fahrenheit with a 15 % chance of rain.
Will it be windy?
around 8 miles per hour.
That is good. Now I fancy going somewhere. Can you help me to find a free attraction?
There is a Park called Dr. Sun Yat-Sen Classical Chinese Garden.
Sounds fab. I want a cab there, preferably a Pool ride.
How many seats do you require?
Just the one.
To confirm then that is a cab for 1, preferably a Pool ride to Dr. Sun Yat-Sen Classical Chinese Garden.
That all sounds good. How much will it cost and how long will it take to reach me.
the booking is confirmed and it will be with you in round 3 minutes. The total cost is $6.56.
thank you for your assistance.
Anything else you need?
no that is all thanks again.
have a lovely day.
I want to check about the weather condition in Atlanta. Do you check for me?
Yes, Please note that the temperature will be 86 degree Fahrenheit in average and the chance of rain will be at 28 percent.
Also let me know about the Wind speed and Humidity.
45 percent of Humidity and wind speed is will be 11 miles per hour in average. Hope this information useful to you.
Thanks for your information. I want to visit some attractive places there and I need your help to search for the best one.
Got 10 results and what about your decision to visit a place of Worship like Al-Farooq Masjid?
That is great. I want to go there for which I need to book a Cab with normal ride.
Let me know the number of seats required by you to book the same.
I need only one seat.
I need your confirmation to book 1 seat in a Cab with regular ride to Al-Farooq Masjid.
That is correct to proceed and let me know the cost details for that ride.
The total cost will be $24.80 for that ride and your Cab was booked and the same will reach you soon.
Thank you so much. That's all I want now.
Have a good day.
Tell me what the weather is in Phoenix, AZ.
The average temperature is 89 degrees with a 15 percent chance of precipitation.
I see. What is there to do around there?
Arizona Capitol Museum is under the Museum category and is a nice place to see.
Would kids like it?
Yes, kids would enjoy it.
That is perfect. I need a ride for four people to get there.
What type of ride do you want?
Get me a Pool ride.
You want a Pool ride for 4 people to Arizona Capitol Museum, correct?
That is right.
Your ride is confirmed and is coming for you right now.
Thanks a bunch. That is everything for now.
Have a good day.
I have to check the weather on next Wednesday.
What city do you wish to check the weather for?
I need for NYC.
The average temperature for the day is 64 degrees F with a 26 % chance of rain.
Sure that is fine. Will you show me some attractions there?
There will be 10 attractions that interest you. You can check out 9/11 Tribute Museum a museum.
Okay that is great. Will you get me a cab to go there?
What type of ride will you prefer, a luxury or regular or anything else?
I prefer pool rides.
What number of seats do you need?
I am in a group with 2.
Please confirm details that you want a ride to 9/11 Tribute Museum for 2 seats preferring a pool ride.
Yes, that will work for me.
I booked the ride and the cab is on its way.
Thanks for the help. That's all that is needed.
Have a nice day.
I need to know something about the weather. Give me the forecast for March 8th in Chi-town please.
There is a warm temperature of 72 degrees Fahrenheit with a 23 percent chance of rain.
Okay. Can you also tell me about how humid and windy it will be that day?
There humidity will hover around 31 percent on March 8th. The wind speed is estimated to be 8 miles per hour.
Thank you. That's all I need to know about weather. Moving on, I want to know about attractions in Chicago. I'm not too familiar with the area.
There are many attractions in Chicago. I have narrowed the choices down to 10. To start with, you should consider a Tourist Attraction called 360 CHICAGO.
Sounds quite interesting. I don't want to drive there though. Can you find me a Pool ride there?
How many seats do you wish for me to reserve?
Oh just a group of 1. That should suffice.
Please tell me if I have the right details. You want a 1 seat Pool ride to 360 Chicago. Is that right?
Yep. That's what I'm looking for.
I have successfully booked your ride and the cab is on its way now.
Awesome. Thank you for your help as always.
How can I further assist you today?
That's all the help I need. You've been a big help.
In that case, enjoy the rest of your day.
I need a weather check
What city?
Vancouver please
Today's average is 75 degrees with a 15 per cent chance of rain.
Any good attractions in Vancouver?
I have 10 options including Bloedel Conservatory, a city park.
Cool. Can you book me a taxi, just for 1 please.
Are you after a pool or regular ride?
Get me the most comfortable ride.
Confirming you want to book a luxury ride for 1 to Bloedel Conservatory.
Yep all good
I have booked your ride and the taxi is on the way
Thanks so much, that's it for now
Have a safe journey.
Could you show me the weather for Philadelphia on the 13th of this month?
It'll be 86 degrees in Philadelphia with a 3 percent chance of rain.
Great. Could you show me some attracions? Preferably a free, child friendly museum.
How about the National Constitution Center? it's a museum.
Cool, anything else?
The Philadelphia museum of art is a museum.
Cool, can you get me a cab there?
How many seats do you need? What type of ride? You can do regular or luxury or anything else.
I prefer the most comfortable ride for two.
Please confirm: You want a ride to Philadelphia museum of art for 2 in a luxury ride.
Yes, how much does it cost?
It's en route, it will cost $47.38
Thank you for your help.
Do you need anything else?
NO, thank you for your help.
Have a wonderful day.
What's the weather forecast for Mexico City on March 1st?
The expected average temperature for the day is 102 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 0 percent chance of rain.
What about the expected wind speed?
12 miles per hour winds are expected.
And the expected humidity?
15 percent humidity is expected.
Okay, thanks. Could you also check the forecast for 7th of March?
Sure. The expected average temperature for the day is 93 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 6 percent chance of rain.
Cool! Thanks. Now please help me find some attractions there, preferably a Park.
I found the Bosque de Chapultepec Park.
All right, good! I'd actually like to check it out today! Please find me a cab for 2 going there, preferably a Luxury ride.
Please confirm that you'd like 2 Luxury ride seats in a cab going to Bosque de Chapultepec.
That is correct.
I have successfully booked your cab and it should be here shortly.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful. That will be all.
Have a great day.
Will you check the weather in ATL on 7th of March?
Average temperature is 83 degrees Fahrenheit with 26 percent chance of rain.
Humidity and wind speed?
Average wind speed is 9 miles per hour with humidity around 45 percent.
Cool. Will you find attractions there?
Found Al-Farooq Masjid, a Place of Worship.
Free entry? Their phone number?
You may reach them at 678-886-3457. Entry is free.
Fantastic. Will you reserve a shared ride for 2 to go there?
Confirm a Pool ride for 2 to Al-Farooq Masjid.
Great. When does the cab get here?
I've booked your cab. Expect it in 7 minutes.
Cost of the ride?
$13.00 for the ride.
Thanks. That's all.
Have a great day.
I want to check the weather on March 1st in NY.
The average temperature for the day is 66 degrees F with a 37 % chance of rain.
How windy will it be and humid?
The average wind speed will be 12 mph and humidity 41 %.
Sure that is fine. Please show me some attractions there.
There would be 10 attractions of interest including the 9/11 Tribute Museum which is a museum.
Okay, that is good can you get me a shared cab ride for two?
Please confirm these details that you want a ride to the 9/11 tribute Museum for 2 seats with a pool ride.
Yes, that will work for me. What does it cost?
I booked the cab and it is on its way for a cost of $13.38.
Thanks for the help. That is all I need.
Have a nice day.
Hey, can you check for me how's the weather gonna be in Washington D.C. on Thursday next week?
It should be 81 degrees Fahrenheit with a 20 percent chance of rain.
And how humid?
At around 27 percent.
And how windy?
The wind speed should be around 2 miles per hour.
Good to know.
Anything else I can do for you?
Can you check if there'll be occurring any child friendly attractions over there then?
The 56 Signers of the Declaration of Independence Memorial is a nature preserve that's always there.
Any other attraction, like a place of interest?
There's 1 other tourist attraction. The Madame Tussauds Washington DC.
Do they charge an entrance fee? What's their phone number?
They don't charge an entrance fee and their number is 202-942-7300.
Great, good to know.
Can I help you further?
Can you help me find a cab going there?
How many will be going and what type of ride do you prefer? Regular or luxury?
A luxury ride for one would be great.
So 1 luxury ride going to Madame Tussauds Washington DC?
Yes, that's it.
Your cab is booked and on the way.
Thanks a lot for the help.
Can I do anything else for you?
No, thanks a lot.
Have an amazing day.
Check for me the weather on 13th of March in Pinole.
For the day the average temperature should be 84 degrees Fahrenheit and 18 percent of rain.
Tell me how windy will be?
Average wind speed should be 9 miles per hour.
How much humidity will be?
Around 29 percent.
Good.In Ciudad de Mexico how will be?
For the day the average temperature should be 91 degrees Fahrenheit and 8 percent of rain.
Good.Some attractions there you can show me?
I found 10 attractions you might like.You can check out a Nature Preserve called Acuario Inbursa.
Good.Get for me a cab to go there.I want a Cheapest ride and I am part for a group of 4.
You want a Pool ride for with 4 seats to Acuario Inbursa.Is okay?
No.I am part of a group of one.
You want 1 seats at a ride to Acuario Inbursa.I'm right?
No.I want a Regular ride.
You want a Regular ride to Acuario Inbursa.Confirm me please.
That's good.In how much time will arrive the cab?
Your ride was booked and the cab is on its way, should arrive in 4 minutes.
Thank you a lot.That;s all that I wanted.
Have a good day!
Can you get me the weather for the 11th of March?
Sure. For what city?
For the ATL.
The average temperature should be around 87 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 0 percent chance of rain.
Okay. Can you find me some local attractions?
You might like Al-Farooq Masjid. It is a Place of Worship.
Can you get me the phone number?
You can reach them at 678-886-3457.
Great. Can you find me a cab to get there?
Do you have a ride preference?
I prefer the Cheapest ride.
How many seats will you be needing?
I have a group of three.
Can you confirm the following: you need a Pool ride with 3 seats to Al-Farooq Masjid.
Yes, that works.
I have successfully booked your ride. Your cab is on its way.
Thanks for your help.
Do you need help with anything else?
No. Thanks a lot.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
I need to check the weather in Portland please
It's gonna be 75 degrees with a 9 percent chance of rain
OK great, now help me find a park to visit there
There are 8 including a park called the Crystal Springs Rhododendron Garden
OK cool, can you book me a cab there?
How many people are you with
It'll be 2 of us
Do you prefer any kind of ride?
Yes, a luxury ride please!
Confirming your 2 luxury seats headed to Crystal Springs Rhododendron Garden?
Yes confirm that
It's confirmed and on the way
Thanks so much for your assistance
Can I assist with anything else?
No that's all for now
Sure, enjoy your visit to the garden!
I need to check weather for tomorrow please.
In which city?
In Oakley please.
The average temp is set to be 93 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 3 percent chance of rain.
he What about on the 9th of this month in Sacramento?
The temp is to be 92 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 23 percent chance of rain.
How windy is it?
The average wind speed is 9 MPH.
How humid is it to be?
The humidity is to be 31 percent.
Okay, I need attractions.
You should see California State Capitol Museum, a Museum.
Would you say it is child friendly? What is the attraction fee?
No, this place is not good for kids. Yes entry is free.
Okay, I need a cab to go there, a shared ride in a group of two.
So, a ride to California State Capitol Museum. 2 Seats and a Pool ride?
No, I actually want a Regular one in a group of 1.
So 1 seat in a Regular riode?
Yes, and how long before the cab arrives?
Your ride is now booked with the cab en route to your location, and it is expected in 3 minutes.
Thanks so much for all that!
Of course. Have a safe ride.
Please update me on the weather.
Certainly. Name the city for which you wish to know the forecast.
Oh I forgot to say. I want to know about weather in Phoenix.
Phoenix will have an average temperature of 89 degrees Fahrenheit with a 15 percent chance of rain.
Okay. I needed to know the weather because I plan on visiting an attraction there. Please help me find attractions that are child-friendly.
There is a museum that children may enjoy. It is called Arizona Capitol Museum.
Okay that can work. Thanks for that info.
Sure. I can help you with more if you still require assistance.
I'll be needing a ride to get there. Find me a cab.
Before I find your ride, how many seats do you need? Would you prefer a Pool or Regular or something entirely different?
If you can, find me a shared ride for a group of 1.
Finding a Pool ride for 1 person to Arizona Capitol Museum. Is that acceptable?
Oh yeah that's fine. What's the cost? Oh and when will it be here?
The cost of the cab is $11.51. The cab is on the way now and should arrive within 8 minutes.
You make things so much easier. Thanks so much.
Anytime. What else can I help you with?
Nothing. That's all I'll be needing for the moment. Once again, thank you.
Please enjoy the rest of your day. See you next time.
can you help me in finding new songs?
My search tells me that there's 10 songs for you. how do you feel about I apologize by five finger death punch from the album got your six?
I think I like this one
do you want me to play it?
not really
can I do something for you then?
yes, update me about the weather in concord on the 1st of this month
temperature is around 71 degrees fahrenheit and the probability of rain is equal to 16 percent
do you know the level of humidity? can you also tell me about the wind?
yes, humidity value is 29 percent circa and the wind speed is 6 miles per hour
fine. now it's the right time for you to play the song you proposed me earlier. use the kitchen speaker
tell me if I got this right. you want me to play the song I apologize in kitchen
do it please. can you tell me the genre of this particular song? do you know if it has been released two years ago?
it's a metal song from the year 2015
great, let me enjoy it quietly now
bye
Can you play music? I want to hear something from '17 , how about something from the Sucker Punch album?
I found 1 possible song, what about Strangers by Sigrid from the album Sucker Punch.
What's the genre?
It's a pop song.
Yup, that's the one.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you tell me the weather in Gilroy today?
The average temperature for today should be 91 degree F with a 29 percent chance of rain.
Okay, cool. Can you play the song you found on the patio?
Please confirm: play strangers in patio?
No actually, cast it in the my kitchen.
Please confirm: play strangers in kitchen?
Yes, that's right.
Enjoy the music!
Thanks for the help!
Can I help with anything else?
Nope, thank you!
Enjoy your day!
Can you help me find a specific song to stream? I think it's by Spice from their 2018 album Captured.
I have 1 song that matches that description. Would you like to hear Cool It by Spice? It's from the album Captured.
That's it! Can you tell me what the weather is expected to be on th e 13th of March?
Where are you interested in checking?
Please check the weather in Moraga.
It is expected to have an average temperature of 73 degrees Fahrenheit with only a 5 percent chance of rain.
Thanks. Can you start that song now?
Would you like to stream Cool It in the Living room?
No, I'm sorry. Please play it in the kitchen.
You'd like me to stream Cool It in the kitchen. Is that right?
Yes, that would be great.
Your selection has started.
Thank you for the assistance.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
I would like to hear a popular song by phan Dinh Tung from the album Hat Nhan.
I have found 1 song for you Would you like to listen to Khuc Hat Mung Sinh Nhat by phan Dinh Tung from the album Hat Nhan?
Is it from nine years back?
It is from 2011
I want to hear that one. What is the weather like in Hercules?
The average temperature is 81 degrees Fahrenheit with 19 percent chance of rain.
And how humid should it be?
Around 40 percent.
Ok. play the song I requested please.
You would like to listen to Khuc Hat Mung Sinh Nhat in the living room?
No, I want to hear it on the patio device.
You would like to listen to Khuc Hat Mung Sinh Nhat on the patio?
No, in my kitchen.
You would like to listen to Khuc Hat Mung Sinh Nhat in the kitchen?
Yes, that is right.
I hope you enjoy the music.
Thanks a lot.
Anything else you need>
Not at this time. Thank you.
Enjoy your day.
Hi, I'm in the mood for some good music. Can you help me find some tracks by Konshens? I really dig Reggaeton music.
There are 2 songs that you may like. One is by Konshens from the It Feel Good album called Bruk off Yuh Back.
What year was that song released?
This song was released in 2016.
Perfect, that's what I want to hear. Can you tell me what the weather is expected to be like on 10th of March in Vancouver, BC?
On that day, the expected weather temperatures will be 68 degrees Fahrenheit with a 25 percent chance of rain.
Great. Now can I listen to the track you previously mentioned?
You would like to hear the song Bruk Off Yuh Back in the Living Room?
Sure, that works for me.
Happy listening to your song!
Great, that's everything I needed. Thanks.
Enjoy your day.
I am in a nice mood and I would like to listen some nice songs, I need you to search for the good one.
What about a song name Planet Loop by Nayutalien from the Album Nayutan Sei Kara No Buttai Y?. How about your opinion?
Can you check whether this song is from '10? and what about the type of music of this song?
It is a Rock type song and the same was released in the year 2016.
That's great and I like this song.
Shall I play it now?
No, I will ask it later. Now, I want to check for the weather condition there on the 7th.
Where do you want to check the same, Do you have any particular place to check for?
Yes, check it in Discovery Bay.
Please note that the temperature will be 85 degrees Fahrenheit in average and there will be a chance of 28 percent for the rain fall.
What about the humidity and Wind speed?
The Humidity will be around 56 % and the wind speed will be 9 miles per hour.
That's okay and thanks for the information.
How can I help you further?
I need one more help. I want to hear the song that I have selected before. can you play it now?
Yes, please confirm to play the song Planet Loop in Living room speaker.
Yes, play it now.
Song started playing and you can enjoy it now.
Thanks for your help.
Anything else you need?
No, that's all.
Have a great day.
I am in a nice mood and I like to listen to some nice songs from two years ago. Search for something like Pop songs.
Do you like the song Airplane Mode by Limbo from the album Holo?
Yes, I like this song. Thanks. I want to check the weather condition in Cupertino on 5th of March. Can you check it for me>
Of-course, Please note that the temperature will be 76 degree Fahrenheit in average and the chance of rain will be at 15 percent.
And what about wind speed?
It will be around 2 miles per hour in average.
Also check about the humidity.
It is around 23 percent.
Okay. Now please play the song selected by me before on any device.
I need your confirmation to play the song Airplane Mode in living room.
confirmed. You can proceed now.
Song started playing and you can enjoy the same now.
Thanks and that's all for now.
Have a great day.
I want to hear a song. I'm in the mood for Hillbilly style from three years back. I had heard that the album Gotta Be Me is really good.
There's a song by Cody Johnson called With You I Am on the album Gotta Be Me
That's perfect. Can you check the weather in Richmond for the 13th?
The temperature should average 83 degrees with a 4 percent chance of rain?
Is it supposed to be windy?
Average wind speed should be around 7 miles an hour.
What about the humidity?
That will be around 18 percent.
Great thanks. I'd like to hear the song now, any device will do.
To confirm: you would like to hear the song With You I Am in the living room.
On second thought play it on the speaker outside.
To confirm: you would like to hear With You I Am on the patio.
That's right. Thanks
Enjoy the song.
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else you need?
Not just now, thanks.
Have a great day.
Search the internet for some songs for me will ya? I'd like to find some Metal songs from 2019. I like songs by Sabaton.
I've found 8 songs that meet your criteria. How about A Ghost In The Trenches by Sabaton from their album The Great War?
Heck yea I love that song. Can you tell me what the weather will be like on the day after tomorrow? I need to know for a friend.
Which city or area would you like to know the weather for?
They need to know the weather in Valley Ford.
The average temperature for the day is expected to be 91 degrees. There is also a 13 percent chance of rain today.
How humid and windy though?
The humidity is currently around 22 percent and the average wind speed is 9 miles per hour.
Great. Play the song from earlier in my kitchen now.
You would like to play A Ghost In The Trenches in your Kitchen. Is that correct?
Yes that is correct.
The music will begin playing momentarily, enjoy.
Thanks, good bye.
You're welcome. Have a nice evening.
Find me a song to listen to that I might enjoy.
There are 10 songs available, how about The Message by Still Corners from their Slow Air album?
For that song, what genre is it classified under?
This song is considered a pop song.
Was the song released in 2010?
The song was actually released in 2018.
Any other songs you can find, perhaps one from Sia, I did hear the Everyday is Christmas album was a great one to listen to.
There are 1 song you may like, what about Snowman by Sia from Everyday is Christmas?
That song sounds perfect, thanks.
Shall I begin playing the song?
Not at the moment, maybe later.
Anything else I can help you with for today?
What's the weather like?
Should I check for the weather in you location, or another city?
Check the current weather in Duncans Mills.
In Duncan Mills, the average temperature for the day should be 77 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 13 percent chance of rain;.
Alright thanks, you may now play the song you found earlier.
Snowman will now begin playing in the Living Room.
That is fine by me, thanks again.
The song is now playing, hope you enjoy it.
Thanks so much for the help.
Will that be all I can help you with for today.
Yes, that is all, thank you!
Your welcome, have a good day.
I'd like to search for songs, I like popular songs.
How about Acapella by Karmin on the album Pulses?
Yes that works. How's the weather in Sunnyvale on the 1st of march?
The average temp is around 90 degrees with a 19 % chance of rain.
Cool. Could you play the song you just found? Play it anywhere.
Please confirm: Playing the song Acapella in the living room.
Correct.
Enjoy your music
Thanks!
Do you need anything else?
No thanks
Have a great day.
Find me songs from four years back.
I have 10 songs for you. What about Back It Up by Prince Royce from the Double Vision album?
That sounds great.
Would you like me to play it?
Maybe in a little while.
Could I assist with something further?
What is the weather like in Brentwood?
The temperature should be 77 degrees Fahrenheit with a 3 percent chance of rain.
What is the date today?
The forecast is forecast for March 1st.
Okay. Would you play the song that you found?
Could you ocnfirm that I should play Back it Up on the living room?
Yes, that's it.
Enjoy the music.
Thanks.
Could I assist with something else?
No, thanks.
Have a great day.
I want to hear some music. I'd like something from 2019. Songs by Teodora. I heard the album Borbena is really good.
I found 2 songs that fit your request. What about Story by Teodora from the Borbena album.
What was the other one?
Tom Ford from the Borbena album by Teodora.
That's the one. How's the weather in Bolinas?
The average temperature is around 85 degrees with a 28 percent chance of rain.
Cool. Can you play the song on the speaker in kitchen.
To confirm: you would like the song Tom Ford in the kitchen?
Yes, that's right.
Enjoy the song. Did you need anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thanks!
Have a great day!
Find me some Hillbilly songs by Shailesh Premi on the Maza Mar Liya Dhori Ke Niche album.
Do you like the song Lahnga Lasar Ke sung by Shailesh Premi on the Maza Mar Liya Dhori Ke Niche album?
What year was it released?
It was released in 2019.
That is perfect. Can you tell me what the weather is right no in Healdsburg?
It is 71 degrees with a 9 percent chance of rain.
I see. Can you play the previous song on the living room device?
You want to cast the song Lahnga Lasar Ke to the Living room, correct?
That is right.
Your music is now playing.
Thanks. That is everything for now.
Have a great day.
I'd like to look for some songs now.
I found 10 songs. One song is Adrenalize by In this Moment from the album Blood.
That's the one. How is the weather?
Which city did you want to look in?
I'd like to know the weather in Graton.
The average temperature is looking like 76 degrees F with a 25 % chance of rain.
That sounds right. Could you play the song you just found?
Please confirm you're playing Adrenalize in the Living room.
Yes, that is right.
Enjoy the song.
Thank you, that's all I need for now.
Have a great day.
I'm trying to find a song to listen to, preferably a pop song. I'm a big Taylor Swift fan.
I have 4 songs you might like. Would you be interested in hearing the Taylor Swift song Long Live from the Speak Now album?
I sure would, thanks.
How else may I help you today?
Could you give me the Santa Rosa weather forecast for the 7th?
Yes, it will be 76 degrees Fahrenheit that day and the chance of rain will be 12 percent.
How about the wind conditions and humidity?
The wind speed is expected to be 10 miles per hour with a humidity level of about 15 percent.
Thanks! Would you please play the song we just talked about?
Confirming playback of the song Long Live on the living room speaker.
Sorry, no, my kitchen speaker please.
Confirming playback of Long Live on the speaker in the kitchen.
Yes, thanks. Could you tell me, is that song from six years back?
It is a 2010 song. Enjoy!
Thank you so much for all your help.
It's my pleasure. Anything else today?
No, I'm all set, thanks.
Thank you very much.
I want to listen to some songs. I am think of songs that used be one years back. I know that Cry Pretty album is really good.
There are 2 songs you might like. How would you like Southbound by Carrie Underwood which is from her album Cry Pretty?
What genre is that music?
It would be Pop.
Is there anything else you can suggest?
How about The Champion by Carrie Underwood from the Cry Pretty album?
What is the genre of that music?
That song would be Pop.
Yeah that is something I would choose.
Shall I play you that song?
Not at the moment. What is the weather like on 11th of this month there?
What city are you asking the weather for?
The place is Sacramento, CA.
It would average a day temperature of 84 degrees Fahrenheit with a 26 percent possibility of raining.
Yes fine. Now play me that song we found in the kitchen.
Can you confirm that you want The Champion played in the kitchen?
Actually no. I want it cast on the living room device.
So you will confirm that the song The Champion should be played in the living room?
That is right.
I hope you have fun with the music.
Thank you very much. That is it.
Have a wonderful day.
Hey, I feel a little bored right now. Can you play me some metal songs by Sabaton? I love their album The Great War.
Would the song A Ghost in The Trenches from the album The Great War by Sabaton appeal to you?
Yes, sounds awesome.
Can I help you with anything else?
Can you tell me how's the weather in Emeryville?
The average temperature is currently about 86 degrees Fahrenheit with a 17 percent chance of rain.
Good to know. Can you play me the song you found, on my kitchen please?
So play the song A Ghost in the Trenches in the kitchen device?
Yes, that's it.
Enjoy your song!
Thanks! That's all I need for now.
Have an amazing day.
I want to look for a song at this moment.
There are 10 songs which you might enjoy. How would you like listening to Masterpiece by Jessie J of the Sweet Talker album?
That is the song I want.
Do you want this song to start playing now?
Some other time maybe.
Can I do something else to help you?
Can you check how there weather is there?
Can you tell me for which city I should check the weather?
I am interested in knowing the weather in Fresno.
For your requested location the temperature should be at an average of 72 degrees, with a chance of raining at 2 percent.
Alright, fine. Now could you start playing the song you found earlier? I do not mind on which device it is played.
Can you please confirm that that you want the song Masterpiece to start playing in your Living room?
Yes, that is right.
Have a good time listening to the music
I appreciate it very much!
Do you want me to help you with something else?
Nothing. I am grateful to you!
Have a wonderful time!
Find some music for me to listen to please.
I found 10 songs that may interest you. The first is Turn Me On by Konshens. This song is from their Album It Feel Good.
What year did that Album come out. Just asking.
The song was released in 2017 on the Album It Feel Good.
Find me another song please.
From the Album, King of Everything, the song Pisces by Jinjer may suit your tastes.
That's more like it. Thank you. Can you provide me with a weather forecast?
A forecast for what city?
I need to know the weather in American Canyon.
There is a 10 percent change that American Canyon will see rain. The temperature is 83 degrees Fahrenheit.
Will it be windy that day?
The wind speed should be roughly 3 miles per hour.
Can you tell me what date this is?
This particular forecast is for March 1st.
Alright. Play the song Pisces that you found for me earlier.
You wish for me to play Pisces in the Living Room for you? Please confirm.
No. No in the living room. Play it on the patio device.
Making that change. Playing Pisces on the Patio device. Is that right?
That is certainly correct. Thank you.
Please enjoy your song.
What kind of music does this classify as? Oh and did it come out in '16?
It is a Metal Song from the year 2016.
Okay. Thank you very much.
Can I help you with anything else right now?
I don't think so. Thank you again.
Have a great evening. Bye for now.
I'm in the mood for some Funk music. Can you find me songs from the Isolation album, I heard it's really good.
How about After the Storm by Kali Uchis from the Isolation album?
Perfect. What's the weather like?
In what city?
Check in Campbell.
The temperature should average 91 degrees with a 4 percent chance of rain.
Is it supposed to be windy?
Wind speeds should average 9 miles an hour.
Okay. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd like to hear the song now.
Okay, to confirm: You would like to listen to After The Storm in the living room.
No. Play it on the kitchen speaker.
To confirm: You would like to listen to After the Storm in the kitchen.
No wait. Make it on the patio device instead.
To confirm: You want to hear After The Storm on the patio.
That's right. When did it come out? Was it three years ago?
It came out in 2018. Enjoy the song.
Thanks. That's all I needed.
Have a great day.
I would like to find a song. I love Rock-and-roll and songs by Get Scared.
What about Sarcasm by Get Scared from their album called Best Kind of Mess.
Was it '16 it was released?
It was released in 2010.
That's the one. What will the weather be like on 2nd of this month?
Which city will I check?
In Tomales please.
The ave temp will be around 75 degrees Fahrenheit with a 21 % chance of rain.
Right thanks now can you play that song you mentioned.
To confirm then I will play the song Sarcasm in the Living Room.
Yes that would be great.
I hope you like it.
Thanks, that is all I need.
Enjoy your day.
Search for me some songs.
How about California King Bed by Rihanna from album Loud?
Something else you have.I would like something from three years back.The album Your Name I heard that is very good.
What is your opinion about Dream Lantern by Radwimps from album Your Name.
What music is this?
This is a Rock song.
Yes, I like this one.
You want to play the song now?
No, maybe later.
Can I do something else?
Tell me how will be the weather in FAIRFAX ON wEDNESDAY NEXT WEEK.
For the day the average temperature should be 91 degrees Fahrenheit and 12 percent chance of rain.
And the humidity how will be?
Will be around 17 percent.
Windy how will be?
Average wind speed should be 11 miles per hour.
Good, and in New Delhi on 14th of this month.
For the day the average temperature should be 96 degrees Fahrenheit and 7 percent chance of rain.
Good.Play for me if you can the song that you have found.
Play the song Dream Lantern in Living room.I'm right?
Yes is good for me.
Enjoy the music.
Thank you very much.
With something else I can help you?
No.Thank you for all.
Have a great day!
Hi can you help me find some songs to listen to?
I managed to find 10 songs that you may like. How about Dangerously by Charlie Puth from the album Nine Track Mind?
What genre is the song?
The genre of the song is pop.
When did it come out? Seven years back?
The song was released in 2015.
Ok, that sounds good.
Should I play the song for you?
Not right now. What's the weather like in Olema, California on March 2nd?
The temperature for that day should be around 88 degrees Fahrenheit with a 9 percent chance of rain.
Is it going to be windy and what is the expected humidity?
It should be about 25 percent humidity and the wind speeds will be around 9 miles per hour.
Okay. Now back to that song, can you play it? Any device is fine.
So you'd like to play Dangerously in the living room, is this correct?
Yes please play the song.
I hope you enjoy the song!
Thank you so much!
Anything else I can assist you with?
No, that will be all. Thanks again.
Have a wonderful day!
Search me some songs, something Hillbilly like Rearview Town
I got 3 songs, would you like Girl Like You by Jason Aldean for the album Rearview Town
Is it from 2014
no, its from 2018
yes, thats the right one. Hows the weather in Oakland?
It will be 72 degrees Fahrenheit with a 16 % chance of rain
sure, play that song
Please confirm: Playing the song Girl Like You in the living room
yes, thats right
enjoy the song
thanks a lot
any thing else
no, thats all
have a good time
would you be so kind to look for songs for me from 2015?
you have a pool of 10 songs, do you think that back it up by prince royce from the album double vision would be a wise choice?
absolutely!
do you want to listen to it now?
not now
do you have any other request for me to help you with?
yes, I need info about the weather in newark on march 5th
the temperature will be around 90 degrees fahrenheit and the probability of rain is 23 percent
I see. play that song now
confirm what you want me to do. you want to listen to the song back it up in living room
that's right. I also wish to learn the genre of the song
it's pop music
great
do you still need me?
no I don't
goodbye
I would like help searching for songs that were released two years ago.
I have 10 songs you may like. How about Airplane Mode by Limbo off the Holo album?
Yes, that song would be just fine. Can you tell how the weather will be in Fremont on the 13th?
The temperature is going to be 72 degrees and there is only a 15 percent chance for rain.
Will is be reall windy or a humid day?
The humidity shows it will only be 28 percent and the wind speed is just 3 miles per hour.
Great! Thank you so much for that information, now you can play the song we discussed earlier.
You want to hear Airplane Mode in the living room, right?
Yes please and thank you. What genre is the song?
This song belongs to the pop genre.
Great! That will be all, bye.
Bye.
I want to find some songs.
How about Bread Winner by Prince Swanny from the Breadwinner album?
That's good. How's the weather there in Palo Alto?
The temperature should be 79 degrees Fahrenheit on average with a 4 percent chance of rain.
How windy and humid will it be?
The humidity is about 19 percent and average wind speed is about 4 miles per hour.
Okay. Would you play the song that you came up with on the living room device?
Please confirm that you want to play Bread Winner in Living room.
Sounds good. What sort of music is it?
It's a Reggae song. Please enjoy.
Thanks. That's it.
Have a great day.
Search for me some songs.
I have 10 songs for you.How about the album All The Little Lights by Passenger with song Let Her Go.
What type of music is and in which year did it come out?
This is a Pop song from 2012.
Yes I like this one.
With something else I can help?
On 4th of March how will be the weather?
On which city you want to check?
I want in Mill Valley.
For the day the average temperature should be 90 degrees Fahrenheit and a 7 percent chance of rain.
Tell me how windy will be and how humid is expected to be.
Humidity is around 18 percent and average speed should be 5 miles per hour.
Okay.Play for me the song that you just found on speaker in kitchen.
Play the song Let Her Go in Kitchen.Is okay?
Yes very good.
Enjoy your music.
Thank you for all.That's all that I wanted.
Have a great day!
I want to find songs from the albu King Of The Dancehall.
I have 1 song for you. How about Colouring This Life by Vybz Kartel from the King Of The Dancehall song?
That sounds good. What is the weather lik ther ien Sebastopol on 12th of March?
The temperature on average for the day should be 93 degrees Fahrenheit with a 7 percent chance of rain.
Great. Could you play the song that you just found?
Please confirm that you want me to play Colouring This Life in Living Room.
Sounds good. Was that the one that came out in 2017?
It actually came out in 2016. It's a Reggae Song. Hope you enjoy it.
Thanks so much. That's it for now.
Have a great day.
Search for me some Popular songs.
Search revealed 10 results. Do you like Acapella by Karmin on the Pulses album?
Was it released in '19?
It was released in 2013.
That is perfect.
Shall I cast the song for you?
No, not right now. What will the weather be in Lagunitas Tuesday next week?
The normal temperature is 92 degrees with a 10 percent chance of rain.
What is the average humidity?
The average humidity is 23 percent.
I see. Can you cast the song for me?
You want to cast the song Acapella to the Living room, correct?
That is right.
Your song is now playing.
Thanks a bunch.
Do you need anything more?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Have a great day.
Find me songs.
Do you like Beautiful Now by Zedd from the True Colors album?
What sort of music is it?
It's a House song.
That's the one. What's the weather like there?
What city should I search in?
Check Phoenix.
The average temperature for the day should be 89 degrees Fahrenheit with a 15 percent chance of rain.
Okay, could you play the song you just found? Cast it on my kitchen.
Could you confirm that you want to play the song Beautiful Now in Kitchen?
That's good. What year did it come out?
It's from 2015. Please enjoy.
Thanks!
Shall I assist with something else?
No, thanks.
Have a great day.
I need to search for songs from '19. I hear the album Reincarnation is nice. I like Reggaeton songs.
What are your thoughts on Top Shotta by Tommy Lee Sparta from the album Reincarnation?
Yes, that would be the one. What is the weather like there?
What city do you wish to check weather for?
I'd like in Philadelphia.
The average temperature is 81 degrees F with an 8 % chance of rain.
What is the date today and how windy will it be?
The average wind speed is 4 mph on March 1st forecast.
Sure that is fine. Can you play the song you found now?
Please confirm details to play the song Top Shotta in Living Room.
Yes, that is correct.
Enjoy the music.
Thanks so much.
What else can I assist you with?
No I don't need anything else thanks.
Have a nice day.
Find me some song please.
I found 10 options for you.What do you think about album Happiness Begins by Jonas Brothers with song Sucker?
Yes, I like this one.Tell me how is the weather in Sausalito on March 5th.
For the day the average temperature should be 82 degrees Fahrenheit and 27 percent chance of rain.
Tell me how windy will be and humidity how is expected to be?
Around 36 percent will is the humidity and average wind speed should be 4 miles er hour.
Okay.Play for me on Kitchen the song that you just found.
Play the song Sucker in Kitchen.Is OK?
Yes,perfect.From '17 did it come out?
From 2019 it is.Enjoy!
Thank you for all.
Can I help you with something else?
No.Thank you very much.
Have a great day!
I want to hear some electronic musical songs. Could you give me some choices?
I have 3 electronic musical songs. Would you like to hear Gold from the album Built On Glass by Nick Murphy?
Did that album come out in '16?
No. That album came out in 2014.
Okay. Yes, that's the song I like.
Would you like me to play Gold?
Not right now. I need to check the weather for the 2nd of March.
Do you want to check the weather for the 2nd of March in Sacramento?
No. I need to check the weather for Los Altos.
The average temperature on the 2nd of March in Los Altos will be 94 degrees Fahrenheit with a 17 percent chance of precipitation.
Yuck. Is it going to be humid or windy?
The average wind speed will be 5 miles per hour and the humidity is expected to be around 42 percent.
Oh, okay. Now could you play the song?
Please confirm the following information. You want to hear the song Gold, to be played in the living room.
No, could you please cast on the speaker outside?
Please confirm the following information. Play the song Gold on the patio.
Sorry, no. I need to have it played on my kitchen speaker.
Please confirm the following information: play the song Gold in the kitchen.
Yes, play it in the kitchen.
Playing Gold in the kitchen.
Thanks for your assistance.
Do you need help with anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Enjoy your music.
I'm looking for some new songs to listen to. I'd like to listen to something from the album Run.
I managed to find 1 song that you may like. It's called Running After You by Matthew Mole from the album Run.
Yes, that's just what I'm looking for.
Should I play this song for you?
Not at this time, no.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
How's the weather in Danville?
The temperature in Danville should be about 83 degrees Fahrenheit with a 24 percent chance of rain.
Ok, great. Please play the song we discussed just now.
So you'd like to play Running After You in the living room, is this correct?
Yes, that's perfect. What genre is the song?
The genre of the song is Pop. Enjoy!
Thanks, that's all I needed.
Have a wonderful day!
Can you look for some songs for me?
I found 10 you may like. What about Colder Weather from the Pass The Jar album by Zac Brown Band?
That would be great!
Shall I play it now?
Not just yet. Can you check the weather?
For what city?
Check in Vancouver.
The temperature should average 75 degrees with a 15 percent chance of rain.
And the humidity?
Around 19 percent.
Will it be windy? What's today's date?
The wind speed should average 8 miles an hour. Today is March 1st.
Thanks. I'd like to hear the song now, on my kitchen speaker.
To confirm: You would like to hear the song Colder Weather in the kitchen.
You got it.
Enjoy the song.
Thanks! That's all I need.
Have a great day!
I am in need of songs now, can you help?
You can choose from 10 songs. Do you like the Mountain by Three Days Grace from the album Outsider
That will be right choice.
Shall I play it now.
Not now. what is weather condition there?
Name of city please.
Loo for that of Half Moon Bay.
The average temperature is 81 degrees Fahrenheit and 18 percent chance of rain.
Fine, now play the song selected on any device.
Please verify, you need The mountain played in Living room
Thats it, thank you.
Listen to it now.
Great service.
Any other help?
No, thats all.
See you later.
I want to search some songs now.
I got some 10 songs for you how about mine by Taylor Swift in the album speak now
What is the genre of thistmusic?
It's a pop genre.
Yeah that's perfect.
Wanna play this song?
Not now maybe later.
Is there something else so that I can help you with?
How is the climate there on 2nd of March.
Can you name the city which you want to check the climate?
It's pescadero.
There is 18 percent chance of rain the average temperature is 76 degree fahrenheit
How humid is expected and also how about windy it gonna be?
The average speed of wind is 8 miles per hour and humidity is around 24 percent
Ok thanks
Something else would you like?
Can you play the song You just found out?
Please confirm the following details : playing mine songsin living room
No can you cast on Patio speaker.
Please confirm the following details : playing mine song in patio
Yes that's good can you tell me which year did it come out?
It come out in 2010 ,enjoy your music
Thank you
Anything else can I help you with?
No , thanks a lot
Have a great day
I want to hear some popular songs.
What about Acapella by Karmin from the Pulses album?
What else is there?
What about African Beauty by Diamond Platnumz from the A Boy from Tandale?
What else? Show me something from two years ago.
I found 10 songs. What about Airplane mode by Limbo from the Holo album?
That's a good one.
Do you want to hear it?
Not right now.
Do you need anything else?
What's the weather like in Phoenix, AZ?
It should be around 89 degrees Fahrenheit with a 15 percent chance of rain.
I want to hear the song now on my patio.
Play Airplane Mode in your patio. Is this right?
No, play it in my living room device.
Play Airplane Mode iin your living room. Is this right?
Yes it is.
The song has begun.
Thank you.
Do you want anything else?
No, that's all.
Have a nice day.
I want to listen to music. Rumor has it Narrated For You by Alec Benjamin is awesome. I really like to listen to POP songs.
The album Narrated For You by Alec Benjamin has a song called Boy In The Bubble. Is that song a good choice?
That choice is fantastic. What is the forecast there?
What is the forcast where?
I am looking for the forecast in Lagunitas.
An 18 percent chance of showers is predicted. The daily temperature is predicted at 92 Fahrenheit.
Thanks. Are you able to start that music we just discussed.
I will play Boy In The Bubble on the Living room speaker for you if you like.
The song is right but I would like to listen to it on the speaker in kitchen.
I will play Boy In The Bubble in the Kitchen for you if that is right.
No that is not right. Play in on the Patio please.
The Patio speaker will be set to play Boy In The Bubble if my understanding is right.
That is exactly what I would like.
Hope you like the song.
What year was this song released?
The song came out in 2018.
You are so smart. I am finished needing your assistance now, thanks.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I'm a big fan of Sara Evans but I haven't had a chance to listen to most of her songs. My cousin Vince is going on about a song on her Stronger album that he had on loop while house sitting for me last week. Could you please find me that song?
A Little Bit Stronger by Sara Evans from the Stronger album is the most frequently played song on last week's playlist.
Yes, that must be the song that he was raving about then. Oh, before I forget, I plan on going out to Gilroy later. What's the weather forecast like, there?
The expected average temperature for the day is 91 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 29 percent chance of rain.
And the expected humidity?
The expected average humidity is 35 percent.
Oh, all right. Now please play the song that you found.
Sure, no problem. Please confirm that you'd like to listen to A Little Bit Stronger in the Living room.
You got that right.
Do enjoy listening to your music.
Thank you very much.
Will there be anything else?
That will be all. Thank you very much.
Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
I would like to find some songs.
How about Faster from The Unforgiving album by Within Temptation.
That is good.
Would you like it to play?
Not right now. What will the weather be on March 1st in San Carlos?
The average temperature should be 90 degrees with 8 % of rain.
What is the humidity supposed to be?
Around 26 percent.
Will it be windy?
The average speed may be 3 miles per hour.
Ok, getting back to the song, please play is on the patio.
Confirming playing Faster on the patio.
Great, thanks a lot.
Have a good time.
Thank you again.
Can I do anything else for you?
No, I am good.
Have a nice day.
Can you inform me of the weather in Benicia on March 6th?
The temperature on March 6th will be 85 degrees Fahrenheit in Benicia. There is a 24 percent chance of rainfall.
Can you tell me the weather on March 12th for the same city?
On March 12th in Benicia, the tempeature will be 73 degrees Fahrenheit with a 4 percent chance of rain.
That's what I needed to know. Can you schedule a visit to a property on that day?
You'll be make a visit to what property?
I'd like to schedule a visit to the Casa Del Sol Apartments please.
I can help you with that. Confirm the following visit details: Scheduling a vist on March 12th to Casa Del Sol Apartments.
Confirm that visit for me. While you are it, provide the address as well as the number of bedrooms for the property.
I have confirmed your visit to the Casa Del Sol Apartments. The property has 1 bed room and is located at 135 135 Acalanes Drive.
I'd like to reserve a car in that area.
What type of car would you like? A Sedan, Hatchback, or something else?
If you can find one, I'd like to rent an SUV.
Will you be renting the car from March 12th? Please provide the pick-up location as well.
I'll pick up the car on March 10th from the McCarran International Airport. It's convenient as I'll be in that area.
When time should I schedule the pick-up for?
I'll be picking it up pretty early. I'd say 9:45 am should work.
Please state how long you plan on keeping the vehicle. Would you like me to add on insurance too?
I'll rent the car until the 13th if possible. Please buy insurance as well.
You will be picking up an SUV from McCarran International Airport starting on March 10th at 9:45 am. You will keep this vehicle until March 13th. Lastly, you wish to add on insurance. If this is right, please confirm the details.
All of that is correct. What kind of car is the rental vehicle and how much will it cost per day?
Your car reservation has been made and confirmed. The cost of the Mazda CX-5 is $52.00 a day.
Alright. Thank you for helping me to schedule that. I won't be needing anything else at the moment.
I hope you have a fantastic day. Bye for now.
Look up the weather forecast for the 11th would you?
The forecast for where?
Make that the 4th, in Lafayette for the weather.
There is a 15 percent chance of rain predicted and an average temperature of 91 Fahrenheit.
Can you tell me anything about the humidity or the wind speed?q
Of course I can humidity is expected to be about 29 percent and a 5 miles and hour wind speed.
Okay now for Bolinas please.
There it is expected to average 85 Fahrenheit with a 12 percent chance of showers.
That is the day I want to visit Evergreen Ridge Apartments I believe I need to schedule that visit.
On March 4th you want to visit Evergreen Ridge Apartments and I am scheduling that visit for you correct?
That is right. Could you tell me a little about it like how many bathrooms and bedrooms they have?
I made arrangements for your visit and there are 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms.
I need to get a rental car and I want to get it at Peachtree Station.
What time would be good for you?
Ten in the morning is what suits me.
What type of vehicle do you want a Hatchback, a Sedan maybe or state your preference, how long do you plan to have the vehicle and should I get the insurance?
Insurance won't be necessary and I want a Hatchback that I can keep until March 5th.
Was March 4th the pick up date?
Actually I need it starting this Sunday.
Okay this is what I have you want to rent a Hatchback that you can get at Peachtree Station on March 3rd at 10 am and you plan to return it March 5th is that right?
Yes, you got it.
Your car will be ready.
Thank you that will be all.
Have a splendid day.
I have a few errands to run outside. Can you check what the weather is for March 10th?
Sure, in what city?
It's San Anselmo, and can you actually check it for the 13th of March instead?
Sure, it looks like the average temperature will be 83 degrees Fahrenheit with a 2 percent chance of rain.
Ok, and how windy and humid will it be?
The average wind speed should be 1 mile per hour with a humidity of 16 percent.
Great, thanks. Can you schedule a property visit for me that day at Capri Creek Apartments?
Sure, to confirm, you want to schedule a visit at Capri Creek Apartments on March 13th, is that right?
No, actually, change that to Cherry Creek Apartments.
Ok. To confirm, you want to schedule a visit at Cherry Creek Apartments on March 13th, is that right?
Yes, that's right.
Ok, your visit has been scheduled.
Great, can you also reserve a car for me there?
Sure, with insurance? Is this for March 13th and where do you want to pick it up?
No insurance. I actually need it starting March 10th and would like to pick it up from 30th Street Station if available.
Ok. What kind of car? Also, what time do you want to pick it up and when do you need it until?
If possible, I'd like to pick up a Sedan around 4:45 in the evening and I need it until the 13th of March.
Ok, to confirm, you'd like to book a Sedan to be picked up from 30th Street Station on March 10th at 4:45 pm, to be returned on March 13th, and no insurance. Is that right?
Yes, that's right. What's the car brand?
I've made your reservation for a Volvo S90.
Great, thanks for your help.
Sure, anything else I can help with?
No, that's all. Thanks.
No problem, have a good day.
I want to check the weather in Tomales for March 11th.
The average temperature on that day is expected to be 89 degrees Fahrenheit and the chance of rain is 23 percent.
What will the humidity level and wind be like?
The wind speed is expected to be 2 miles per hour and the humidity is around 25 percent.
Sure, sounds good. I would like to schedule a visit to a property for that date.
Which property are you interested in?
The property I want to visit is Catalina Crest Apartment Homes.
Okay, confirm these details for me: You would like to schedule a visit to Catalina Crest Apartment Homes on March 11th.
Yes, that is right.
This visit has been scheduled for you.
Thank you very much. I would also like to reserve a car there.
Until what date do you want to keep the car?
I would like the car until March 14th.
Would you like to have the car starting from March 11th?
Yes that sounds fine.
What time do you want to get the car and would you like a Hatchback, SUV, or something else?
I would like to buy insurance. A hatchback would be nice and I would like to pick it up at five pm.
Where would you like to pick the car up?
It would be really convenient for me to pick it up at Fresno Station.
Please confirm these details: You will pick up the car on March 11th at 5 pm at Fresno Station and drop it off on March 14th. The car is a hatchback that will come with insurance.
Yes that sounds very good.
Your reservation has been made
Thank you very much for the help.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you very much for the help.
Have a wonderful day.
I want to check the weather condition in Sunol for which I need your help.
The average temperature will be 92 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 12 percent for rain.
Thanks. I want to make a schedule of visit to a property on a particular day.
I want to know the property details to make a schedule and please confirm to fix the same on March 1st.
Okay, you can fix it on the same day and the property is located at 888 San Mateo.
Once again confirm to book a schedule of visit to the property at 888 San Mateo on March 1st.
That is confirmed to proceed.
Your schedule of visit was successfully confirmed on that day.
Thank you and I want to reserve a car now which should be a Sedan car and I want the same until 3rd of March.
Do you want to rent it with insurance? Also let me know your convenient time to pick up the same.
I want it with insurance and for the time at seven pm.
Which is your convenient place to pick up the car?
I want it from Toronto Pearson Airport.
Do you want it from March 1st?
Yes, of courser, date is okay.
Once again confirm all things: You want to pick up a Sedan Car from Toronto Pearson International Airport from March 1st at 7 pm to March 3rd including insurance.
That is okay and you proceed.
I have booked the car successfully.
Thank you so much.
Have a great day.
What is the weather in Sausalito?
The average temperature today will be 77 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
What will the weather in Alameda be on the 5th of this month?
The average temperature will be 79 degrees Fahrenheit with a 7 percent chance of rain.
I want to visit the Riley Square property on that day.
Please confirm you want to schedule a visit to Riley Square on March 5th.
That is correct. What is their phone number?
The visit is scheduled. You can contact them at 408-649-7906.
What is the cost? How many bedrooms does the property have?
The property has 4 bedrooms and costs $5,200.
I also want to rent a sedan car with insurance and pick up at 12:45.
Where and when do you want to have the car? Do you need it from March 5th?
I would like to pick up the car on the 2nd of March and drop off on the 5th of this month from Benito Juarez Airport.
Please confirm you want to pick up the rental sedan car with insurance from Benito Juarez International Airport on March 2nd at 12:45 pm and drop off on March 5th.
That is perfect. What is the daily cost?
The car has been successfully reserved and will cost $39.00 per day.
Thank you, that will be all.
Bye!
I want to know the weather in San Pablo next Monday.
There will be an 18 percent chance of rain with an average temperature of 80.
Alright. I wish to visit a property on that day.
Which property do you want to visit?
I'm wanting to see Park Hill Apartments.
Okay. To confirm: You want to schedule a visit to Park Hill Apartments on March 4th.
Yes, that's right.
I have scheduled your visit.
What does the apartment cost? Does it include a laundry machine?
The cost is $3,650,000 and it does have laundry inside the unit.
Thanks. I need to rent a car there. I'd like a Hatchback until the 5th of March and would like to pick it up at John Wayne Airport.
When do you want to pick it up?
I'd like to get it at 1:30 in the afternoon.
Would you like insurance?
No, I don't need it.
Do you want it starting March 4th?
I'll need it later today until next Monday.
Okay. Let me confirm. You want to pick up a Hatchback car from John Wayne Airport on March 1st at 1:30 pm. You'd like to drop it off on March 4th. You do not need insurance.
Yes, that's right.
I have reserved your car.
Thank you so much.
Do you need help with anything else?
No, thanks. That's all.
Have a great day!
i have a plan to travel , please check the weather in Antioch on next wednesday.
The average temperature for the day should be 72 degrees fahrenheit. there is a 7 percent chance of rain.
ok thats good. i need to schedule a visit to the property on that day. Will you fix a schedule to the property RIverwood Grove?
please check and review the following details. A visit is scheduled to Riverwood Grove and you need to visit the property on March 6th.
No, i want to visit the property to Cypress Point Villas.
Ok please check and review the following details. A visit is scheduled to Cypress Point Villas and you need to visit the property on March 6th.
ok that's sound good to me
Visit to the property is scheduled successfully.
i want to reserve a car to go over there.
Do you want the car on March 6th? From which place the car is need to pick up?
I need it from the 3rd. I need the car at John F. Kennedy Airport to pick me .
Whether you want to add insurance? Which type of car you like the most, SUV or Sedan or anything else? At what time you want to pick up the car?
i donot need insurance. I need to pick it up at 4:30 pm. i need a Hatchback car.
Till what day you need the car?
i need it till next wednesday.
Please check and confirm the following details. Car is needed from JFK International Airport. Pickup date is March 3rd. The time of the pickup is 4:30 pm. the drop-off date is March 6th. it is a Hatchback car and does not have insurance.
ok that sounds good to me.
Car reservation is done successfully.
thanks for your immense help. that's all i need
have a wonderful day.
I am planning a visit to Larkspur on the 10th of this month. I need to know what the weather will be like so I can pack accordingly.
You probably will not need an umbrella as the rain chance is only 20 percent. Summer clothing will be fine as the temperature should average 85 degrees.
Thanks. I will also like to check out a place to live during my visit. Can you help me book a tour of the Alderwood Apartments please.
I gather I am booking a tour of the Alderwood Apartments on March 10th in your name. Is that right?
You understood my request right. Thanks for verifying. Oh and also could you check if the units have clothes washers inside.
The tour has been booked in your name. There are no clothes washing machines inside the units.
Is there a separate unit designed for parking the car?
No. There is no covered parking.
Thanks for checking. I will also need to rent a vehicle while I am visiting.
Which dates will you need the rental. Will March 10th be the day you would like to pick up the rental?
I will need the rental beginning March 5th. I would like to return the vehicle March 11th.
Do you know where you would like to start the rental? Is there a type of car you have in mind?
I would like to pick up the rental Monday next week at the Anaheim Intermodal Center. I would prefer a Hatchback.
Would you like to add coverage to the rental?
Don't add coverage to the rental but thanks for checking. I would like to get the rental at 9:15 am.
I will secure a rental in your name from March 4th to March 11th. The reservation will be available at 9:15 am at the Anaheim Intermodal Center. You would prefer a Hatchback. Do you approve?
Yes. You have my permission to proceed with those details.
Something happened. I could not secure the vehicle with those details. There is a Mazda 3 available at the Anaheim Intermodal Center that can be picked up March 4th. This car has a charge of $26.00 every day.
Thanks for the suggestion but no thanks.
What else may I assist you with?
Nothing. I will check back when I need you.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I'd like to know the weather in Burlingame.
The average temperature for that day is looking like 81 degrees F with a 2 percent chance of rain.
Sure, sounds good. I'd like to schedule a visit to a property on the 1st.
Which property did you prefer?
I'd like to visit Washington Creek Apartments.
Please confirm you're booking a visit to Washington Creek Apartments on March 1st.
Yes, that sounds good. Does it have 4 bathrooms and a garage?
Your visit has been booked. It has 3 bathrooms and a garage.
I'd like to book a car and pick it up at Intercity Terminal. I'd also like to buy insurance.
When did you want to pick the car up?
I'd like it at 12:30 in the afternoon.
What kind of car did you prefer and until when did you want it? Did you want it starting March 1st?
Yes, that sounds good. I'd like it until next Wednesday and I prefer a Hatchback.
Please confirm you're picking up a Hatchback from Intercity Terminal on March 1st at 12:30 pm and dropping it off on March 6th.
Yes, that is correct.
Your reservation has been confirmed.
How much will the car cost per day?
It will cost $49.00 a day.
What is the car's name?
The car is named Renault Clio.
Thank you for your help.
Did you need help with anything else?
No, but thanks again.
Have a great day.
I want to check the weather in Lafayette on 1st of March.
The average day temperature is running at 87 degrees Fahrenheit and the chances of rain is 29 percent
What is the wind pressure there?
The wind speed is 11 miles per hour.
Okay..this is cool
Any other help you want?
I like to visit the property Chateau Chillon Apartments on that day.
Please give confirmation details: Your property visit to Chateau Chillon Apartments for march 1st.
Okay..this is fine..Can i know the address? Is the apartment have a garage?
Your property visit is confirmed. There is no garage and the apartment is located at 10 Milland Drive.
I want you to book a car there and my pick up is union plaza which is convenient to me.
Are you like to have the car from march 1st?
Yes...this is perfect.
Are you like to add insurance and at what time you want to pick up?
Yes..i like to buy insurance and pick up is at 5:30 pm.
To which date you want the car?
I want the car till the 2nd.
What type of car you want? SUV, Sedan or any other?
For me Sedan is perfect.
Please give confirmation details:You want to pick up the Sedan car from Union Plaza on march 1st at 5:30 pm and want the car till march 2nd. You want to add insurance.
Okay..this is perfect.
Your car booking is confirmed.
Thanks a lot.
Have a nice day.
I'd like to find out what the weather is going to be like on 2nd of March in Vancouver, BC.
The average temperature for the day will be about 67 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 49 percent chance of rain.
That sounds good. I'd like to schedule a visit to Golf Club Manor Apartments.
Could you confirm that you want to visit Golf Club Manor Apartments on March 2nd?
Sounds good.
Your visit has been scheduled.
I would like to reserve a car there till the 3rd.
Do you like Hatchback, SUV or another type of car? Would you like to pick up the car from March 2nd and from where?
Sounds good. Delhi Airport is a good place for me to pick it up. A hatchback sounds perfect.
Would you like insurance? What time will you pick it up?
I'd like insurance and will pick it up at afternoon 3.
So you want to pick up the car from Indira Gandhi International Airport on March 2nd at 3 pm and drop it off on March 3rd? It's a Hatchback that comes with insurance.
Sounds perfect.
Your reservation was made successfully.
What is the name of the car and how much is it per day?
It is $39.00 per day and it's called a Fiat Panda.
Thanks for helping. That's it for now.
Have a great day.
How's the weather like in Lagunitas?
The average temperature for the day should be around 92 degrees Fahrenheit with an 18 percent chance of rain.
And how about the weather in Campbell on Wednesday next week?
The average temperature for the day is expected to be around 75 degrees Fahrenheit with an 8 percent chance of rain.
Is it going to be very humid?
Humidity will be close to 24 percent.
Okay, can you schedule a property visit to Village At Town Center Apartments on that day, for me?
Please confirm that you would like to schedule a property visit to Village At Town Center Apartments on March 6th.
Yes, that sounds right. How much does the apartment cost?
Your property visit has been scheduled. The apartment cost is $5,200.
I'd like to book a car there.
Do you want the car from March 6th? What kind of car would you like and would you like to include insurance?
I'd like a Sedan from March 6th and i don't need insurance.
At what time will you be picking up the car and until when will you need it?
Find me something that I can pick up from Walnut Creek BART Station at 10:45 in the morning and use till the 7th of this month.
Please confirm that you need a Sedan without insurance for pickup from Walnut Creek BART Station at 10:45 am on March 6th with a drop-off date of March 7th.
That's perfect!
Your car has been booked successfully.
Thank you for the assistance.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No. Thank you. That's all for now.
Have a great day!
What would the weather be like this Saturday.
In which city.
In San Bruno.
The temperature should be around 77 degrees Fahrenheit with a 21 percent chance of rain.
How humid would it be?
It should be around 58 percent.
I want to schedule a visit to Dixon Apartments.
You would like to visit Dixon Apartments on March 2nd.
Yes, that's great. How many baths are there?
It has 2 bathrooms. I have scheduled the visit.
I would like to reserve a car.
Would you like to reserve a SUV, a hatchback or another vehicle? What time would you like to pick it up and when would you like to drop it off.
I need a lovely hatchback from 2:15 in the afternoon till the 5th of this month.
You would like to pick it up on March 2nd?
I would need it from the 1st of this month.
Where would you like to pick it up?
Estacion Buenavista would be convenient for me and I would like to buy insurance.
You would like to pick up a hatchback at Estacion Buenavista on March 1st at 2:15 pm and drop it off on march 5th?
I need it from this Saturday till this Sunday.
I want to pick up the car on march 2nd and drop it off on March 3rd.
That would be fine. What is the daily cost?
The car has been reserved and it would cost $24.00 daily.
Thanks a lot. That would be all.
Enjoy your day.
How is the weather in Pinole?
The temp there is 91 degrees Fahrenheit with 18 percent chance of rain
Okay, visit a property visit for me there
Which property are you planning on visiting?
I want to go see Shorebreeze apartments
The day of visit is March 1st right?
Yes, that is right
Just need your confirmation. Booking a visit to shorebreeze apartments on March 1st
Cool, what's its cost?
Visit successfully scheduled. It costs $4,200.
tell me their phone number
It is 650-966-1328
Thanks. I also need to reserve a car there.
What kind of car? Sedan or hatchback? is there a preferred pickup location? till when would you need it?
I need a sedan till 4th of March from Union plaza
What time would you pick the car on March 1st? should I add insurance as well?
Insurance sounds good. I will pick it up at morning 11:45
Sure, just need your confirmation again. Booking a sedan at 11:45 am on march 1st from union plaza to march 4th
Cool, which car is it and how much does it cost?
subaru impreza is successfully booked. It costs $38.00 per day
Thanks a lot
Anything else I can help with?
No, that would be all.
Have a great time there
Can you get me the weather for San Jose?
The average temperature for the day should be around 78 degrees Fahrenheit. There is also a 19 percent chance of rain.
Okay. I'd like to schedule a property visit.
Will that be for March 1st? What property would you like to visit?
I would like to visit Pine Meadows Apartments on March 1st.
Can you confirm that you want to schedule a visit to Pine Meadows Apartments for March 1st?
Yes, that is correct.
Your visit has been successfully scheduled.
Thanks. I also need to reserve a car for this visit. I'd like a Sedan for the 1st of this month.
Can you tell me the following: how long do you want the car until? Where will you be picking the car up from? And finally, will you be needing insurance?
I need the car until the day after tomorrow. I would like to pick it up from the Fremont BART Station at around 12:30 pm, if possible. Yes, I will be needing insurance.
Can you confirm the following: you would like to pick the Sedan up on March 1st at 12:30 pm from the Fremont BART Station. You will be dropping it off on March 3rd. You will also need insurance.
Yes, that sounds right.
Your car has been successfully reserved.
Thanks for your help.
Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, thank you for your help.
My pleasure. Have a good day.
I want to know how the weather will be in Castro Valley for March 9th.
For your requested location the average temperature should be at 86 degrees Fahrenheit, and with a chance of raining at 7 percent.
Alright, fine. I want to book a visit in a property for that day.
Can you tell me the kind of property you like?
The property I am looking to visit is Epic.
Can you please confirm that you want to book a visit for March 9th for the Epic property?
Yes, that is what I want.
Your requested visit has been reserved.
Now I need to find a car which I can rent there, more specifically I need the car to be a Hatchback one which I will have from 5th of March, and that I will pick up at 11:30 in the morning.
Can you tell me the location where you want to pick up the car, and till when are you going to have the car? Also could you tell me if you want the insurance with the car?
I am not in need of insurance. I will need to have the car till 11th of this month, and Union Station is a suitable place for me to pick up the car.
Can you please confirm that you want to have a Hatchback car without insurance which you will be picking up at Union Station on March 5th at 11:30 am, and that you will need it till March 11th?
That is correct. Can you tell me how much this car will be costing me per day, and what is the name of it?
Your requested car has been booked, and it will be costing you $28.00 per day. The car is called Kia Ceed.
I appreciate your help.
Can I do something else to help you?
Nothing. I am grateful for your help.
Have a wonderful day!
I would like to check the weather in Bodega Bay.
The average temperature for the day should be around 80 degrees and there is a 28 percent chance of rain.
I would like to schedule a visit for that day.
Which property would you like to visit on March 1st?
I would like to visit the Marymount Apartments.
Scheduling a visit to Marymount Apartments on March 1st.
Yes, what is their address?
They are located on 1405 Marshall Street.
I would like to rent a car.
When do you want the car and where do you want to pick up the car?
I would like to pick up the car downtown around 5:15 pm.
Do you want the car on March 1st? Would you like a SUV, Hatchback or something else?
I would like a hatchback and I don't need insurance.
When are you returning the car?
I will be returning the car on the 7th of this month.
Booking a hatchback car from downtown on March 1st at 5:15 pm and return is March 7th.
What is the car? What is the cost per day?
The car is a Ford Focus and it's $28.00 per day.
That is all I needed.
Have a good day.
Can you tell me what the weather will be like in Santa Rosa on the 9th?
Yes, the average temperature should be 92 degrees, there is a 26 percent chance of rain that day.
What will the humidity level be?
The humidity will be around 41 percent that day.
Okay, sounds good, I would like to schedule a visit to see the property Park View Apartments that day.
Please confirm that you are scheduling a visit to Park View Apartments on March 9th.
Yes, that's right!
Ok, I have scheduled your visit to the property.
Can you tell me the price?
Yes, the price for the property is $2,050.
Thank you, I would also like to reserve a Sedan at Santa Fe Depot and I would like to buy insurance.
Would you be needing the car from March 9th then? I just need to know the time you would like to pick up the car and when you want to return it.
I need it from March 8th until the 10th and I would like to pick it up at afternoon 2.
Please confirm that you are picking up a Sedan from Santa Fe Depot on March 8th at 2 pm and dropping off on March 10th.
That sounds perfect! What is the name of the car?
I have reserved a SEAT Cordoba for you.
Thank you so much for all of your help!
Can I do anything else for you?
No thank you, that will be all!
Okay, have a great day!
Can you show me the weather?
What is the name of the city you want to know the weather of?
I want to know the weather of Brentwood on the 1st.
The expected average temperature for the day iis 77 degrees Fahrenheit with 3 percent chance of rain.
Okay. I would like to schedule a visit to a property called Palm Court Apartment.
Please confirm: You want me to schedule a visit to Palm Court Apartment on March 1st.
Yes, That works for me. Can you check whether it has Laundry service and a garage?
I have successfully scheduled your visit. Yes it has a garage and an in-Unit laundry.
Can you reserve a car available for pickup at Heathrow Airport at 10:30 in the morning.
What will be the date of the return?
I will return it on next Tuesday.
What type of car do you want me to find?
I am looking for SUV.
Do you want to book it from March 1st with insurance?
Yes, that sounds nice to me. I want to book the car with insurance would like 5 o'clock in the evening.
Please confirm: You want me book a SUV car for pick up at Heathrow International Airport on March 1st at 5 pm with the returning date March 5th.
Yes, that is correct.
I have successfully reserved the car.
Okay. That will be all. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day!
Can you tell me the weather?
In which city?
In Napa, please.
The average temperature is 85 degrees Fahrenheit with a 24 percent chance of rain.
Great. I need to schedule a property visit.
Which property would you like to visit?
I want to visit Sunnyhills Apartments on the 1st of March.
Please confirm you want to visit Sunnyhills Apartments on March 1st.
Yes. Do the properties have garages?
The property does not have a garage. Your visit has been confirmed.
Can I have their address and can you tell me the cost?
They're located at 1724 Sunnyhills Court and the cost is $4,300.
Thank you. I also need to reserve a car from Gatwick International Airport.
What is your pick up time and Will you require insurance?
I need to pick up the vehicle at eleven in the morning and I already have insurance.
Will you be picking up on March 1st?
Yes, that's right.
What type of vehicle are you looking for and what is your return date?
I want a hatchback un next Thursday.
Please confirm you want to rent a Hatchback from Gatwick International Airport on March 1st at 11 am until March 7th.
Yes. Correct. What's the daily rate?
The daily rate is $27.00. Your booking was a success.
Thanks so much.
Can I help you with anything else?
No. That will be all.
Okay. Have a great day.
Could you check the weather in Delhi India on the 11th of this month?
The average temp will be 103 degrees with a 7 % chance of rain.
Great, could I visit a property that day?
Which property?
Amador Royal.
Please confirm: Book a visit to the amador royal on march 11th
Yes, correct.
Your visit is scheduled!
Thank you, does it have a garage? And what is their phone number?
It does, and the numb er is 510-782-8753
Thank you, i'd like to reserve a car for pickup at 5:15 in the evening.
Do you want insurance? And would you like it frmo march 11th? And until when?
I'd like insurance, and I need it from next thursday to the 12th of march.
Where do you want to pick up the car, and what kind of car?
I'd like a sedan from portland bus station.
Please confirm: You'd like to pick up a car from the portland bus station on march 7th at 5:15 pm, with a drop off on march 12th, and it's a sedan.
Sounds good, how much is it per day?
$52.00 per day
Thanks for your help.
Do you need anything else?
Nope.
Have a good day!
Would you mind finding the Petaluma weather forecast for me please?
Certainly, the temperature will average 82 degrees Fahrenheit with a 29 percent possibility of precipitation.
Great, thank you.
How else may I help you?
Yes, I need to schedule a property visit to the Casa Del Sol Apartments.
Is that on March 1st?
Yes, it is.
Confirming a March 1st visit to Casa Del Sol Apartments.
Excellent, thank you.
The property visit has been booked.
Thanks again. Oh, do you know if it has laundry machines inside and also a garage?
The property does have a garage but does not have laundry machines.
OK, thanks. I'm going to need to get a rental car as well. I'd like to get something on the 1st from O'Hare International Airport at 4:45 pm if possible.
Would you like an SUV, a sedan, or a different vehicle? And when would you like the car? And should I add insurance?
I do want insurance and I'll need it until the 2nd please. I'm thinking an SUV.
Confirming an SUV rental pick up from O'Hare International Airport on March 1st at 4:45 pm and a return of March 2nd. The vehicle will include insurance.
Sounds great, thank you.
The vehicle has been booked.
Thank you so much.
How else may I help you today?
I think we've done it all.
Have a wonderful day.
I need the weather forecast for the 12th.
Do you want the weather forecast for your current location or some other place?
I need the weather forecast for Dixon.
The average temperature in Dixon on the 12th is expected to be 93 degrees Fahrenheit with a 21 percent chance of precipitation.
Is it supposed to be very humid?
The humidity level is expected to be around 28 percent.
Is it going to be very windy that day?
The average wind speed is predicted to be 4 miles per hour.
Okay. I want to schedule an appointment to visit Bella Rose Apartments on that day.
Please confirm the following information. You want to make an appointment to visit Bella Rose Apartments on March 12th.
No, sorry. I need to schedule an appointment at Village Lake Apartments.
Please confirm the following information: You want to schedule a visit to Village Lake Apartments on March 12th.
Yes, that's right. And do you have the telephone number for Village Lake?
Yes. The telephone number is 650-961-0948 and your appointment has been booked.
Okay. Now I need to book a car rental until the 13th. I'll pick it up at Nairobi International Airport.
Would you like an SUV, Hatchback, compact car or something else? Did you want the car beginning on March 12th? And what time do you want to pick it up?
I need a Hatchback and I'll pick it up at half past 9 in the morning on the 12th.
Would you like to purchase insurance on this rental?
Yes, I'd better add insurance to it.
Please confirm the following information. You want to pick up a Hatchback with insurance on March 12th at 9:30 am from Jomo Kenyatta International Airport. You will return the car on March 13th.
Can you make that a pick up date of 6th of March? And I need to pick it up at Heathrow Airport.
Please confirm the following information: You will pick up the car on March 6th at Heathrow International Airport.
Yes. And what kind of car is it? What is it going to cost?
The car is a Nissan Qashqai and is $51.00 per day. It has been reserved for you.
Great. That's all I need right now.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Could you find out what the weather will be in American Canyon on March 12th?
On that day, the expected average temperature is 75 degrees wwith a 15 percent chance of rain.
All right, great. Schedule a property visit for me on that day.
I can help you with that. Which property are you interested in?
I'd like to check out Portofino Apartments.
Sure. Let me see if I got everything correctly: You'd like to schedule a visit to Portofino Apartments for March 12th?
Yes, you got that right.
I have successfully scheduled your visit to the property.
Okay thanks. I'd like to drive there. Could you reserve me a car?
Will you be picking the car on March 12th?
No. Actually I'd like to pick it on March 11th.
Okay. What is your preferred pick-up location? And your preferred drop-off date?
My preferred pick-up location is Sunnyvale Caltrain Station. I'd like to drop it off on March 12th.
Would you like to buy insurance?
Yes, please add insurance.
Do you have a particular type of car in mind?
I would like a Sedan.
What is a convenient pick-up time for you?
A 3 pm pick-up time works for me.
Okay. Please confirm that you'll be picking an insured Sedan car from Sunnyvale Caltrain Station on March 11th at 3 pm and dropping it off on March 12th.
No. Something came up and I'll need to pick it up on 6th of this month.
No problem. Let me see if I got everything correctly: You'll pick it up on March 6th and you'll be adding insurance.
Yes, that's correct. What's the car's make and model? How much is the daily cost?
I have successfully reserved your car. The car is a Buick Regal Sportback. The daily cost is $47.00.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful. That will be all.
Goodbye, and have a great day.
I need weather info for Sebastopol on the 11th of this month.
The average temp should be 75 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 6 percent rain chance.
Okay I need to schedule a visit now.
Which property is this for?
It is for the Dana Garden Apartments.
So Dana Garden Apartments on March 11th.
Yes, tat is exact.
Your visit is now scheduled in.
Thanks. I also need a car from March 4th at 3:15 PM. I need a hatchback.
Would you like insurance? Where would you like it from and untikl when?
I need insurance. I need it until the 11th of this month from Orly International Airport.
Okay, so pick up from Orly International Airport at 3:15 PM on March 4th and until March 11th. This is a Hatchback.
Yes, that is fine.
Reservation has failed. There is another at Orly International Airport and is available at March 4th. It is Peugeot 208 and the cost is $51.00 a day.
No, I don't want.
Anything else to help with?
No, thanks though.
Of course. Enjoy.
What is the weather in San Mateo?
The average temperature is 80 degrees with a 13 percent chance of rain.
Can I also have the wind speed and humidity?
The wind speed will be around 11 miles per hour with the humidity approximately 18 percent.
Okay. I would also like to visit the Americana today.
Please confirm you want to visit the Americana on March 1st?
Yes, that's right.
Your visit is confirmed.
How many bedrooms does the property have and does it have a garage?
It has a garage and 3 bedrooms.
Thank you. I need to book a hatchback from King Street Station for today.
What is your pick up time and will you require insurance?
Yes, I will need insurance and will be picking up at 12:30 in the afternoon.
What is your drop off date?
Dropping off on the 6th of this month.
Please confirm you want to rend a hatchback from King Street Station on March 1st at 12:30 pm and returning on March 6th.
Yes. That is correct. What's the vehicle's daily rate?
The daily rate is $40.00. Your booking was a success.
Thanks so much.
Can I do anything else for you today?
No. Thanks. That's all.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
What will the weather be on the 10th of March in Long Beach CA.
The temperature should be 75 degrees with a 20 percent for rain.
Will it be humid or windy?
The humidity should be 50 percent with wind at 11 miles per hour.
Okay, I would like to visit Orange Tree Apartments.
Please confirm an appointment on March 10th at Orange Tree Apartments.
Actually, I want to visit Maplewood.
Confirming a visit to Maplewood on March 10th.
That is correct.
The visit is confirmed.
I need to reserve a car, too.
Would you like insurance?
Yes, I would.
Where will you pick up the car and for how long? Do you want the car starting on March 10th?
I will pick up at Intercity Terminal on March 8th and return it on the 14th.
Do you prefer a sedan, SUV or another model?
Actually, I need the card until the 13th from Thursday next week. I would like a hatchback.
What time will you pick up the car?
Half past 4 in the evening at John Wayne Airport
Confirming renting a hatchback with insurance from John Wayne Airport on March 7th at 4:30 pm and returning March 13th.
That is correct. Which car is it and what is the cost per day?
It is a Kia Ceed and the rental is $48.00 per day.
Thanks, I am all set.
Have a nice day.
I want to check for the weather condition on the 7th. Can you help me to check the same?
Where to you want to check for the weather condition?
I need to check it in Petaluma and please check it for the date on March 1st.
Please note that the average temperature will be 82 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 29 percent for rain.
That is okay. Can you make me a Schedule to visit that property on that day?
Let me know the details of property that you want to visit.
Please note that the property that I want to visit is located at Orchard Glen Apartments.
I need your confirmation to book a schedule of visit to Orchard Glen Apartments on March 1st.
That is confirmed and you can proceed now.
I have successfully booked the schedule.
Thank you so much and now please find a car for rent there.
When do you want the same? Shall I find it for the date March 1st?
That is correct.
Is there any particular model of car that you want to book now?
Yes, a SUV is fine.
what is your expected time to pick up the car and to which date you need the same?
I want to pick it up at 6:30 pm and I need the same to 4th of March.
Shall I include the insurance?
Yes, please add insurance and make the booking for pickup time at afternoon 2:45.
At which place you need to pick up this car?
Find the one for the pick up at Port Authority Station.
I need your confirmation once again to book a SUV car for the pick up at Port Authority Station from March 1st at 2:45 pm to March 4th including insurance.
Please find the one at Heathrow International Airport and I need to book a Hatchback model.
Please confirm to book a Hatchback model car from Heathrow International Airport.
That is correct and you can proceed.
Unfortunately I was not able to book that car. Shall I book another car in Nissan Qashqai model available for pick up at Heathrow International Airport on March 1st and the total cost is $42.00 per day?
That's okay and you can book the same.
This time also I was not able to book that car. Shall I book another car in Nissan Qashqai model available for pick up at Heathrow International Airport on March 1st and the total cost is $42.00 per day?
That's okay to proceed.
I have booked the car successfully.
Thanks for your help.
How can I help you further?
No, thanks a lot.
Have a great day.
I would like to check the weather on the 10th.
What city would you like the weather forecast for?
Check Hayward.
The temperature for the day should be 80 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 14 percent chance that it will rain.
How humid will it be?
The humidity is about 30 percent.
How windy will it be?
The average wind speed should be about 8 miles per hour.
That sounds great. I want to schedule a visit to a property on that day.
What property would you like?
I would like to see Archstone Walnut Creek.
Could you confirm that you want to visit Archstone Walnut Creek on March 10th?
SOunds good. How many bedrooms? What is the phone number of the property?
I have scheduled your visit to the property. There are 3 bed rooms and the phone number is 925-943-7977.
I would like to reserve a car.
So you want the car from March 10th? Where will you pick it up from?
No, I need it on March 7th. Heathrow Airport is a good place to pick it up.
What time will you pick up the car? Would you like insurance?
I want to pick up my car at 12:15 pm and I need insurance.
When will you return the car?
I will return it 11th of March.
Would you like SUV, Sedan or anything else?
A Sedan is nice.
Could you confirm that you want to pick up the car from Heathrow International Airport on March 7th at 12:15 pm and drop it off on March 11th? It's a Sedan and comes with Insurance.
Sounds good.
The reservation did not go through. I have a nice car available at Heathrow International Airport for pickup on March 7th. It's a Volvo S90 and it costs $55.00 per day.
No, that's all.
Enjoy your day.
What is the weather like in New Delhi?
It should be 99 degrees Fahrenheit with a 4 percent chance of rainfall.
Great. I want to schedule a visit for then.
For March 1st? What property would you be reviewing?
Yes, I want to visit Santa Familia Apartments on that day.
You would like to visit Santa Familia Apartments on March 1st?
Yes, I do.
I have scheduled the visit.
I would need a car to get there.
Where would you like to pick up the car and at what time?
I want to pick it up at pacific central station for afternoon 2.
Till when would you need the car?
I need a hatchback from the 1st of March to the 4th.
Would you like to add insurance?
Yes, I want to buy some.
You would like to pick up a hatchback at pacific central station on March 1st at 2 pm and drop it off on March 4th?
Yes, that would work. What is the daily cost?
I have reserved the car and it would cost $36.00 daily.
Thanks a lot.
Do you need assistance with something else?
No. I am good. Thanks.
Enjoy your day.
What's the weather like in San Mateo on the 11th of March?
It'll be around 91 degrees Fahrenheit with a 15 percent chance of rain.
Okay then.
What else do you need?
I want to visit Middle Park Apartments that day.
A visit to Middle Park Apartments on March 11th. Is this right?
No, I'm visiting The Hamptons Apartment Homes.
You want to visit The Hamptons Apartment Homes on March 11th?
Yes I do.
Your visit is now scheduled.
I want to rent a car with insurance. A hatchback sounds nice.
How long will you need the car?
Until the 14th of this month.
When will you pick up the car?
I'll pick it up at 15:30.
Where are you going to pick it up? Will you need it on March 11th?
I need it on the 9th of this month. I'll pick it up at PDX Airport.
Picking up a hatchback car from PDX International Airport on March 9th at 3:30 pm until March 14th. Is this right?
Yes it is. How much will it cost?
Your car is reserved. It'll cost $45.00 per day.
What is the car?
It's a Vauxhaull Astra.
Thanks. That's all.
Have a nice day.
Hows the weather in Brentwood on march 8th
It will be 86 degrees Fahrenheit with a 19 % chance of rain
Whats the expected Humidity and the wind speed?
Humidity will be 29 percent and wind speed is 3 mph
Schedule me a visit to the Creekside Terrace Apartments for that day
Please confirm: Scheduling a visit to Creekside Terrace Apartments on March 8th
yes, thats right. Does it have a laundry service?
its scheduled, yes it has a laundry machine
Please book me a car there till march 8th and pick up from Portland Bus station
Whats the pickup time? Also the pick up date will be march 8th?
I need it from the 4th and pick up at quarter to 7 in the evening with insurance
What kind of car SUV, a Hatchback or something else?
A Sedan is good
Please confirm: picking up a Sedan from Portland Bus station on march 4th at 6:45 pm and drop off on march 8th and it is with insurance
Yes, thats good
Sorry, there was an error. Trying again picking up a Sedan from Portland Bus station on march 4th, SEAT cordoba and costs $41.00 a day
no, i dont want that
any thing else?
no, thats all
have a great day!
What's the weather like on the 11th of this month?
What location are you interested in?
Sorry, the weather in Montara.
The temperature average will be 86 degrees Fahrenheit and the chance of rain is 17 percent.
Alright. I'm planning on visiting a property on that day, please help me schedule it?
What property do you want to visit?
It's Foothill - Twin Creeks.
I'll schedule you a visit to Foothill - Twin Creeks on March 11th, is that right?
That is right.
I've scheduled your visit.
Thanks, how much is the property and how many bedrooms does it have?
The property is $3,700,000 and it has 3 bed rooms.
Thanks. I also want to reserve a car on March 10th.
What pick up time do you want and until when will you need the car? Also, do you require insurance?
I'd like pick up to be 12:30 and I'll need the car until the 11th of this month. I don't require insurance.
And where would you like to pick the car up from.
I'd prefer to pick it up at SAN Airport.
Would you like a Sedan, Hatchback, or any other style?
I'd like a Sedan.
I'll reserve a Sedan for you with pick up from SAN International Airport on March 10th at 12:30 pm and drop off on March 11th with no insurance. Are all the details correct?
Everything is correct. What make and model is the car?
I've reserved the car. It is a Volvo S90.
You've been really helpful, thank you. I'll be going now.
Have a pleasant day.
Hi, could you help me check the weather in Phoenix on 11th of this month please?
The temperature is 86 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 8 percent chance of rain.
And how windy is it going to be?
The average wind speed is 11 miles per hour.
May I also know the expected humidity?>
It will be around 27 percent.
I see, could you schedule a visit to Rutherford Townhomes for me on that day?
Please confirm your visit to Rutherford Townhomes on March 11th.
Yes, may I know where are they located?
Your visit has been scheduled, and you can visit them at 1624 Pueblo Avenue.
I see, how many bedrooms do they have and does it has a garage?
This apartment has 4 bedrooms and it has a garage.
I see. Could you get me a Sedan reservation for pickup at two in the afternoon?
Will you be using the car from March 11th, and when will you be using it till? Also, where would you like to pick the car up?
I will need the car from March 7th at Diridon Station till the 13th.
Do you require any insurance?
Sure, that will be great.
Please confirm your reservation for a Sedan at Diridon Station from March 7th at 2 pm to March 13th, with insurance.
That sounds great to me.
Your reservation has been made.
May I have the car name?
You have reserved an Audi A8.
I see, that is great, that is all I need.
Have a great day ahead!
I want to check the weather in Novato on 4th of March.
The average temperature for the day will be 87 degree Fahrenheit and there is a chance of 7 percent rain.
How windy will it be and also how humid is it going to be?
The humidity is around 19 percent and average wind speed would be 5 miles per hour.
Okay. how about Atherton.
The average temperature would be 78 degrees Fahrenheit and there is 10 percent chance of rain.
Sure. Okay. I am looking to schedule my visit to the property Brentwood Parks Apartments.
Can you please confirm the details: The visit is scheduled to Brentwood Parks Apartments on March 4th.
Yes. That's perfect
The visit to property has now been scheduled.
Thanks a lot. I also wanted to reserve a car there.
From which place do you want to pick up the car? Also do you want the car from March 4th and at which time do you want to pick up the car?
I need the car from 1st of March. Murphy and Evelyn would be a convenient place for me to pick it up and I want to pick it up at half past 6 in the evening.
Would you like to add the insurance?
No. I don't need an insurance.
Do you have preference for Sedan, Hatchback, or anything else?
A SUV would be nice.
Until when do you want the car?
I want the car till 7th of March.
Can you please confirm the following details: The car will be picked from Murphy and Evelyn and pickup date is March 1st at 6:30 pm. The drop off date is March 7th and it is a SUV car without any insurance.
Yes. This sounds good. How much will it cost per day?
The car has been reserved. It will cost you $37.00 per day.
Thanks for all your help. That's all I needed.
Have a nice day.
I like to check the weather.
In which area you want me to check the weather?
I like to check the weather in woodside.
The average day temperature is 78 degrees Fahrenheit with 6 percent rain chance.
This is cool..I like to visit the property Wilford Lane Apartments on 1st of march.
please give the confirmation details: Your property visit to Wilford Lane Apartments on march 1st is scheduled.
This is perfect..Is there a laundry service inside the property? Is there a 2 bathrooms?
Your property visit is confirmed and the property has 3 bath rooms and in-unit laundry.
I like to book car there with insurance and want from 1st of march till the 4th.
At what time you want the car and which type of car you want? From where you want to pick up?
I like to pick up the car from Schoenefeld Airport and i want SUV and like to pick up at 12:15.
please give the confirmation details: You want to book SUV car on march 1st at 12:15 pm from Schoenefeld Airport and need the car till march 4th.
This is cool..What about the cost per day?
The cost is $55.00 per day. Your car booking is confirmed.
Thanks a lot.
Any other help you want?
No, not now..thanks
Have a great day.
Can you check the weather in Moraga for the 9th of this month please?
There's a 3 percent chance of rain and an average temperature of 86.
Can you schedule a visit to Westwood Townhouse Apartments for that day?
Sure, just confirm you'd like to schedule a visit to Westwood Townhouse Apartments on March 9th.
Yes, is there 2 bathrooms and a garage?
Your visit is scheduled. It has 1 bathroom and a garage.
Thanks, can you also get me a car rental?
Is it for March 9th as well?
No, the 6th.
Do you want insurance?
Yes, please get that.
When do you want to drop it off and what kind of car do you prefer?
I'll need it until March 10th and prefer a hatchback.
What time do you want to pick it up?
At 12:45 in the afternoon.
Where will you pick up?
Heathrow International Airport.
Just confirm you'd like to reserve a hatchback for pickup March 6th at 12:45 pm at Heathrow International Airport with a drop off date of March 10th.
Actually, I want a sedan and only need it until the 9th of this month.
Confirm you'd like a sedan until March 9th.
Yes, what's the price per day?
I've reserved your sedan. It will be $48.00 a day.
What kind of car?
It's a Volvo S90.
Great, that's all for now.
Enjoy your day.
I want to check the weather in Nairobi on the 2nd of March.
The average temperature should be 86 degrees Fahrenheit with a 6 percent chance of rain.
What about on the 11th of March?
The average temperature should be 89 degrees Fahrenheit with a 3 percent chance of rain.
Thanks. I'd like to schedule a visit to a property on that day.
Which property do you want to visit?
I want to visit Sunridge Apartments.
Okay, you want to visit Sunridge Apartments on March 11th, right?
No, I want to visit Shasta Terrace.
Okay, you'd like to visit Shasta Terrace on March 11th, correct?
Yes, that is right. How much does it cost?
I have scheduled the visit. The property is $2,650,000.
What is the address?
The address is 293 Shasta Drive.
Thanks, I'd like to get a rental car there.
Where do you want to pick it up?
I'd like to pick it up at O'Hare Airport.
What type of car do you like? What time do you want to pick it up and how long do you need it?
I'd like to pick up a sedan at 2 in the afternoon and I need it until the 14th of this month.
Do you want to pick up the car on March 11th? Do you want to purchase insurance?
I need to pick it up on the 10th of March and I don't need insurance.
Okay, you want to reserve a sedan at O'Hare International Airport on March 10th at 2 pm until March 14th, right?
Yes, that is right. What model car is it?
I have reserved the car. It is a Subaru Impreza.
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thank you.
Have a great day.
Hi, could you help me check the weather in Walnut Creek on the 2nd of this month?
Sure, the average temperature is 76 degrees Fahrenheit with a 26 percent chance of rain.
I see, could you schedule a visit to a property on that day?
Any specific property you are looking at?
I am looking to visit the Courtyard Terrace.
Please confirm your visit to Courtyard Terrace on March 2nd.
Yes, may I know how much does the place cost?
Your visit has been scheduled, and the property will cost you $1,850,000.
May I have their contact number please?
You can contact them at 510-669-1325.
I see, could you get me a car ride there too?
May I know what time will you be picking up the car and when do you need the car till?
I will need the car from afternoon 2:30 and use it till Monday next week.
Are you referring to March 2nd, and where do you need the car from? Do you also require insurance?
No, I do not need insurance. I would like to pick the car up today from Estacion Buenavista, preferably a Sedan.
Sure, please confirm your pickup of a Sedan from Estacion Buenavista fromm March 1st at 2:30 pm to March 4th.
Sounds great! How much will this cost me each day and what is the car called?
Your reservation has been made. The car is a Volvo S90 which will cost you $22.00 each day.
I see, that is all I need. Thank you!
No worries, have a great day ahead!
Check the weather for Nairobi, Kenya for next Thursday.
For that day the average temperature should be 86 degrees Fahrenheit with a 8 percent chance of rain.
Ok. I want to schedule a visit to the Capri Creek Apartments property on that day.
Please confirmat: Schedule a visit to Capri Creek Apartments on March 7th.
Yes, that is correct.
Your visit has been scheduled.
I need to reserve car there for Monday next week. I would like to pick it up at 12 o'clock in the afternoon.
Where would you like to pick up the car?
I would like to pick it up at Gatwick International Airport.
Would you like to add insurance? What kind of car do you want? How long will you need the car?
I don't need insurance. I would like a nice Sedan and I will need it until March 9th.
Please confirm: Pick up a Sedan at Gatwick International Airport on March 4th at 12 pm with a drop-off date of March 9th.
Yes, that is good. What is the daily cost?
The car reservation is complete. The cost is $35.00 per day.
Thanks for the assistance. That is all I need.
Enjoy your day.
What's the weather like in Lagunitas this Saturday?
It should be around 87 degrees Fahrenheit with a 17 percent chance of rain.
I'd like to visit the Creekside Village property there.
A visit to Creekside Village on March 2nd. Is this right?
Yes, that's it.
Your visit is scheduled.
What's the address?
It's at 17055 Creekside Cir.
I need to reserve a car there. I'll pick it up at 12:45.
So you need it for March 2nd? What kind of car do you want? Where will you pick it up?
Yes, that's right. I'd like an SUV. I'll pick it up at Benito Juarez International Airport.
Would you like insurance? How long do you want the car?
I want insurance. I want it until March 4th.
Picking up a SUV from Benito Juarez International Airport on March 2nd at 12:45 pm until March 4th. Is this right?
Yes, that's it.
The SUV has been reserved.
How much will it cost me? What's the car brand?
It'll cost $46.00 per day. It's a Mazda CX-5.
Thanks. That's all.
Have a nice day.
How is the weather in Graton on the 9th of March?
The average temperature is looking like 89 degrees F with a 19 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity looking like?
It should be about 38 percent.
How windy is it likely to be?
It is looking like 4 miles per hour.
Sounds good. I would like to visit the property called Brookside Oaks.
Please confirm you're booking a visit to Brookside Oaks on March 9th.
Yes, that is correct. Is there a garage?
Your reservation has been confirmed. Yes, it does have a garage.
Thank you. I'd also like to reserve a car at Union Station at 15:00.
What kind of car were you looking for?
I'd like a Sedan.
When did you need the car until and would you like to add insurance?
I will need the car from the 6th of this month until the 10th of March, and yes I'd like to buy insurance.
Please confirm you're picking the Sedan up from Union Station on March 6th at 3 pm and dropping it off on March 10th. The car comes with insurance.
Yes, that is correct.
Your reservation has been confirmed.
Thank you. That will be all I need for now.
Have a wonderful day.
Give me the weather forecast for the 1st of March please.
Which city are we checking for ?
Millbrae on this sunday please.
I show an average temperature for that day should be 73 degrees Fahrenheit with a 23 percent chance of rain.
What is the wind factor going to be?
The wind factor factor will be 7 miles per hour.
What is the expected humidity going to be?
The humidity should be around 20 percent.
Ok, thank you. Let's schedule a visit to the Birchwood Apartments property for that day please.
Alright, please confirm we are scheduling a visit to the Birchwood Apartments on March 3rd.
Yes, that is correct. Find out if there is a Garage there and how much does it cost?
Your request has been scheduled and there is no garage. the cost is $3,550,000.
I want to also reserve an SUV. An afternoon 2:15 pick up would be best.
Should we add insurance also?
No thank you.
Should we reserve from March 3rd? Where would you like to pickup the vehicle and how long do you plan to keep the vehicle for?
I will need the car from this Saturday until the 6th. Kingsford Smith Airport would be the most convenient pick up location for me.
Ok, please confirm you are picking up at Kingsford smith international airport on March 2nd at 2:15 pm and returned on March 6th. this suv does not come with insurance. is this correct?
yes perfect. How much will this cost?
Your car was reserved and will be $42.00 per day.
thank you for you help.
your welcome.
I need to check weather in Menlo Park on the 11th of March.
The average temperature is set to be 71 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 19 percent chance of rain.
Okay, I need to schedule a visit to a property.
Which property would you like?
I need to visit Park Manor Apartments.
So, schedule a visit to Park Manor Apartments on March 11th.
Yes, indeed. Does it have a garage, and how many baths?
Scheduled now, and it has 2 bathrooms and a garage.
Thanks for the info. I need to reserve a car.
Until when would you like it?
I need it until the 13th of this month from March 9th.
Where would you like it from and at what time?
Union Station is a good pick up area and at 4:30 PM.
Would you like insurance?
No, no insurance now.
Would you prefer Sedan, SUV or other?
I want a Sedan most likely.
So, pick up from Union Station, a sedan vehicle. The date is March 9th at 4:30 PM. The drop off date is March 13th.
No, from the 8th please.
Please confirm the following: The pickup date is March 8th and it does not come with insurance.
Yes that sounds good. How much does it cost?
Your car has been reserved now. The price is $30.00 per day.
Thanks, that was all!
Of course. Enjoy.
Will you check the weather in Clayton on March 1st?
Average temperature is 70 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
Will you schedule a visit to the property San Marcos?
Confirm a visit to San Marcos on March 1st.
Cool. Does it have 3 bedrooms and in-unit laundry?
I've scheduled your visit. It has in-unit laundry and 3 bed rooms?
Thanks. Will you reserve a car there?
You need the car until when?
6th of March is the return date.
You need it from March 1st?
That's fine.
Any preference? Add insurance?
A Sedan. Insurance is not necessary.
Pick up time?
Pick up at 11 o'clock in the morning.
Pick up location?
I prefer Vancouver Airport for pick up.
Confirm a Sedan for pick up from YVR International Airport on March 1st at 11 am and drop off on March 6th.
Awesome. Cost per day? Car's name?
I've reserved you a Volvo S90 for $35.00 per day.
Thanks.
Anything else?
That's all for now.
Have a wonderful day.
Hey, can you check the weather for me? I need to know the weather in Oakland on March 7th.
Sure. The average temperature for the day is expected to be 80 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 19 percent chance of rain.
How windy is it going to be?
The average wind speed is predicted to be 4 miles per hour.
So far so good. How humid?
The humidity is 28 percent.
Okay how about on the day of March 14th?
The average temperature on that day should be 84 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 22 percent chance of rain.
That sounds look a good day for a property visit. Can I schedule one for that day?
Which property would you like to visit?
I would like to visit the Villas Papillon property.
Please confirm the following: Schedule property visit to Villas Papillon for March 14th.
That is incorrect. I changed my mind and want to visit the Glen View Apartments instead.
Please confirm the following: Schedule property visit to Glen View Apartments for March 14th.
That sounds right, I confirm.
Your property visit has been scheduled with the apartment.
Great. Can you tell me how many bedrooms the place has and how much a unit costs?
It has 2 bedrooms and costs $2,500,000.
Perfect. Can you get me a car there?
What kind of car would you like?
I want a Sedan and I'd like to pick it up at half past 8 in the morning.
Until when would you like the car?
I'm going to need it until March 14th.
Where would you like to pick up the car? Also would you like insurance?
I would like insurance and Union Plaza would be the most convenient place for me to pick it up.
Would you like to have the car from March 14th?
No, I'll need it from the 12th of March.
Please confirm the following: You would like to rent a Sedan from Union Plaza. You will pick the car up on March 12th at 8:30 am and drop it off on March 14th. You would like insurance.
That is all correct, I confirm it all.
I'm sorry but the reservation has failed. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Darn. No, forget about it.
Okay, good bye.
Tell me about the weather on the 7th of March.
What is the location you want to check?
I want to check San Ramon.
It will be 74 degrees Fahrenheit on average. The chance of rain is 5 percent.
And what will the wind be like?
The wind speed will be 12 miles per hour on average.
And what about the humidity?
It will be around 17 percent for humidity.
Alright. I want to visit a property on that day, can you schedule the visit?
What property is it?
It's the Grand Oak Apartments.
I'll schedule a visit to Grand Oak Apartments on March 7th. Please confirm.
That is what I want. How much is the cost and does it have 1 bathroom?
I've scheduled the visit. The cost is $4,700 and there are 3 bathrooms.
I'll also need a rental car. I'll be using it until March 11th.
Will you need the car starting March 7th? And is there a type you'd prefer such as a Sedan or SUV?
I want it starting next Wednesday. And I'd prefer an SUV.
What time will you be picking up the car?
I'd like to pick it up at half past 6 in the evening.
And where would you like to pick it up. Also, would you like insurance?
No insurance. I'd like to pick it up at Pacific Central Station, it's convenient.
I'll reserve you an SUV at Pacific Central Station for pick up at 6:30 pm on March 6th and drop off on March 11th, no insurance. Are all the details correct?
Yeah, you got it right.
The car has been reserved successfully.
Thanks a lot. I'll be going now.
Have a good rest of your day.
Can you check the weather on the 1st for me
Sure, in what city
Let's look in San Lorenzo
It'll be 76 degrees with a low 3 percent chance of rain
How about in Chicago on the 5th of this month
It'll be 71 degrees with a higher 28 percent chance of it raining
OK let's book a property visit on that day
Which property are you talking about?
I want to visit the Waterstone Fremont property
Confirming you want to visit the Waterstone Fremont property on March 5th
Actually no, let's make that Pinecrest Apartments
Ok so Pinecrest Apartments on March 5th?
Yeah that's right
It's been booked for you
How many baths does it have, and what's their addresss?
It has 3 bathrooms and it's at 837 Hancock Street
Thanks so much, reserve me a car with insurance now
What time do you want it and till when?
I need it next Wednesday and I want to get it in the evening 5:30 pm
Do you want it form March 5th?
I actually need it the day after tomorrow
Where do you want it from?
I want it from King Street Station
Do you want a Hatchback, and SUV, or something else?
An SUV will suffice
Confirming you want an SUV with insurance from King Street Station from March 3rd 5:30 pm till March 6th yes?
Yes that is right
It's been booked for you
Thanks so much, take care
Bye, you too!
I need weather in Valley Ford on the 12th of March.
The average temp is set to be 92 degrees Fahrenheit and there is an 11 percent chance of rain.
Okay, I also need to schedule a visit to the property Macara Gardens Apartments for that day.
So schedule a visit to Macara Gardens Apartments on March 12th?
Yes, indeed correct.
Your visit has been scheduled.
Thanks and I also need to reserve a car until the 13th of March okay?
Which brand of vehicle would you like?
I'm fine with anything, but a sedan is preferred.
Where would you like to pick up the vehicle? Is it needed from MARCH 12th? At what time?
I need it from the 11th. Toronto Pearson Airport is a convenient place for pick up at 13:45.
Would you like to add insurance?
No, thank you.
So pick up the vehicle from Toronto Pearson International Airport on March 11th. The time of pickup is 1:45 PM and the drop-off date is March 13th, for a Sedan.
Yes, that is correct.
Sorry, but your reservation has failed. Is there anything else?
Can you try it again? SFO Airport is fine too for pick up at 2:45 PM. I am fine with a Hatchback.
So pick up the vehicle from SFO International Airport on March 11th, at 2:45 PM, and the drop-off date is March 13th. A Hatchback is nice.
Yes, that is good. How much is it?
Your car has now been reserved, for $31.00 per day.
Thanks for that. That is what I needed.
Of course. Enjoy.
What will the weather be in Novato on the 9th of March?
The normal temperature is 80 degrees with only a 1 percent chance of precipitation.
That is nice.
Do you need something more?
I want to see a property that day.
Which property do you wish to visit?
Anton La Moraga Apartments is the name of the place that I wish to visit.
You wish to schedule a visit Anton La Moraga Apartments on March 9th, correct?
No, change the name to Chatelaine Apartments.
You wish to schedule a visit to Chatelaine Apartments on March 9th, correct?
That is right. Does it have a garage and 1 bathroom?
Your visit has been confirmed. The place has 1 bathroom and a garage.
Thanks for that.
Do you need help with something else?
I need to rent a car there on the 9th of March.
Should I add insurance to your order?
I need the car next Friday and would like to add insurance to my order.
Where and when do you wish to pick up the car?
I want to get the car at 4:15 in the evening at Port Authority Station.
Do you prefer a SUV, Hatchback or another type of car and when will you return it?
I would like a Sedan until March 12th.
You wish to rent a Sedan with insurance and will pick it up at 4:15 pm on March 8th at Port Authority Station and will return it on March 12th, correct?
No, make that a Hatchback.
You want to rent a Hatchback with insurance, correct?
That is right. Can you tell me the price per day?
Your order is confirmed and the price is $38.00 a day.
Thanks for everything. That is everything for now.
Have a great day.
Can you tell me the weather for next Wednesday?
In which city?
In Alamo, please.
The average temperature will be 75 degrees Fahrenheit with a 7 % chance of rain.
Okay, that sounds good. Can you schedule a property visit for that day?
Which property do you want to see?
I'd like to see Riley Square.
Please confirm: Riley Square visit for March 6th.
Yes, that is correct.
Your property visit is confirmed.
Thanks, I'd like to reserve a car with insurance.
When will you be returning the car?
I'll need it until the 8th.
Do you want to pick up the car on March 6th? Where do you want to pick it up? Do you want a SUV, a Hatchback, or another type of car?
I'll need it from March 4th at YVR airport. An SUV will be nice.
What time would you like to pick up your car?
How about 19:30?
Please confirm: a SUV from YVR International Airport from 7:30 pm on March 4th until March 8th.
Yes, that is all correct.
I've reserved your car.
Thanks for the assistance!
Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you, that will be all.
Have a great night!
I would like to find songs from seven years ago. I heard the album Welcome To The Fishbowl was great.
How about Come Over by Kenny Chesney from the Welcome To the Fishbowl album?
Yes, that is the one. Are there good movies online?
What movie genre do you like?
I like Thriller movies.
Do you prefer Madeline's Madeline, Rojo or The Art of Self-Defense?
Rojo sounds great. Can you play the song you found?
Please confirm: play the song Come Over in the Living room.
That is correct. What kind of music is that?
Is is a Country song.
Can you tell me my alarms
You have an alarm for 7:30 am named Running.
Okay, that is all i needed
Thank you.
Can you find me some 2019 Madonna songs?
What is your opinion of the song Batuka that's by Madonna and from her album Madame X?
That's exactly the one I wanted.
Do you want to listen to the song?
Not right now. Can you find me some interesting movies that are online?
What are the type of movies you want?
I would like some violent movies that have Michael Gilden in them.
I found 1 movie that may work. What do you think about Pulp Fiction?
Pulp Fiction would be awesome.
Would you like me to play the movie for you?
Not at this time, no. Will you play the song you found on the patio speaker?
Begin the song Batuka in Patio. Is that correct?
Yes, that would be right. What is the music genre?
It's pop genre and hope you like it.
Will you tell me the alarms I have?
There is on alarm set for 10 am and titled Commute.
Alright, good.
Do you need more help with anything else?
Nope, thanks so much!
Thanks right back at you.
I want to find some songs.
What about Options by Pitbull from the album Climate Change?
Yes, that's correct. Are there any good movies online?
What kind of movies are you looking for?
I want to find Supernatural movies.
IT Chapter Two is a supernatural.
IT Chapter Two is a good movie.
Do you want to play it now?
No, not now.
Anything else I can do for you?
I want to play the song you found on the living room device.
Please confirm: playing Options in the living room.
Yes, that's right. Did it come out six years back? What's the genre?
The song is from 2017. It is a pop song.
Thank you. Can you tell me my alarms?
You have an alarm called workout at 8 am.
Okay thanks. That's all.
Have a great day!
I want to look for some good songs from 2012 that I can listen to. Halcyon is an album worth listening to, I'm told. Can you help me pick something?
There is 1 song that you might find cool. It's from the album Halcyon and it's called Burn. The artist is Ellie Goulding.
Perfect. That's it. Now, can you help me look for some nice movie options online?
Are you interested in a particular genre?
Sure, I like Sci-fi a lot.
There are 2 movies that fit with your preferences. There's Ad Astra and also Close Encounters of the Third Kind.
Close encounters sounds really cool. Actually, I'd like to listen to the song you just mentioned.
You want to listen to Burn in the Living Room, correct?
Perfect, that's it. What genre does this song fall under?
The song is considered Pop music. Happy listening!
Great. I want to review my current alarms, please.
You have an alarm called Badminton that is set for 9 am.
Excellent. Thank you!
Are you looking to create a new alarm?
Not at this time, thanks. That was everything I needed for now.
Have a nice day.
I'm looking for some hillbilly songs.
I found 10 songs for you. How about A Little Bit Stronger by Sara Evans from the album Stronger?
Yes, that sounds great.
Do you want to play the song?
Not right now. What movies are available to watch online? I like movies with Devan Richardson.
What type of movies do you like?
A fight movie would be awesome.
How about Pulp Fiction?
Pulp Fiction sounds great.
Do you want to play the movie?
No, not right now.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd like to play that song in the kitchen.
Okay, you want to play A Little Bit Stronger in the kitchen, right?
Yes, that is correct.
I have started playing the song.
Thank you! What alarms do I have set?
You have 1 alarm set, it is for 6 am and is titled wake up.
Okay, thanks.
Do you want to add a new alarm?
No, thank you. That is all I needed.
Have a great day.
Can you search for songs by Cody Johnson, maybe something three years back from the album Gotta Be Me?
I found With You I Am by Cody Johnson from the album Gotta Be Me.
Yes, perfect!
Would you like to hear it now?
No, not right now thanks!
Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes, can you help me find some Science related movies featuring Justin Dreyfuss?
I found 1 you may like called Close Encounters of the Third Kind.
Close encounters would be perfect!
Would you like to see the movie now?
No, not at this time, but can you cast the song you just found in my kitchen?
Please confirm you would like to hear With You I Am in the Kitchen.
Yes, and what kind of music is that?
It is a Country song, enjoy!
Thanks, can you show me my alarms?
You have 1 alarm set for 4 pm with the name Shopping.
Okay, perfect, that will be all for now!
Thank you very much!
I'd like to search for some Metal songs from the year '19. I've heard good things about the album The Nothing.
How about Cold by Korn from the album The Nothing?
Yes, that's it. Are there any good movies online featuring Brad Pitt?
What type of movies do you want?
I like Future scientific fiction movies.
How about Ad Astra?
Ad Astra sounds good. Can you play that song?
Alright. You want me to play Cold in the Living room, right?
Yes, that's right.
Enjoy the song!
What alarms do I have?
You currently have 2 alarms. There's on for 7:30 am named Get up.
Okay, that's fine.
Do you want to add another?
No, I don't need any more.
Is there anything else I can do?
No. Thank you so much.
Thanks. Have a good one!
Can you put on some rock-and-roll music while I work? I've heard the Red Hot Chili Peppers album The Getaway is pretty good.
Sure, I could play Dark Necessities by the Red Hot Chili Peppers form the album The Getaway?
Is that from '13?
No, it's from 2016.
Ok, that sounds perfect. Can you also see if there are any good scary movies online?
Sure, I found 6 you might like. How about 47 Meters Down: Uncaged, In Fabric, or Midsommar?
What else did you find?
There's also One Cut of the Dead, Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark, and Theatre of Blood.
Ah, scary stories is good.
Ok, do you want me to play it now?
No, not right now.
Ok, anything else I can help with?
Yes, can you go back and play that song you found on the kitchen speaker?
Sure, to confirm, you'd like to play Dark Necessities on the Kitchen speaker, is that right?
Yes, that's right.
Your song is playing, enjoy!
Thanks. Can you tell me what alarms I have set really quick?
Sure, you have an alarm called Paper set for 10 am.
Great, thanks. That's all for now.
Ok, thank you.
I would like to find a rock song by Radwimps from the '16.
There is Dream Lantern by Radwimps from the album your name.
Yes, that is correct.
Would you like to play the song?
Maybe later not at the moment.
Can I help with something else?
I would like to find a family movie online.
There is Steel Magnolias or The Farewell?
Steel Magnolias sounds good can you cast it on Patio?
Playing the song Dream Lantern in Patio.
Cast it in the living room speaker instead.
Playing Dream Lantern in living room.
Yes, that is good.
Enjoy your music.
Can you show my alarm?
There are 3 alarms. There is one at 10:30 am for Class.
Ok, that sounds good.
Do you want to add an alarm?
Not at the moment.
Can I help with something else?
No, that's all I needed.
Have a good day.
I'm looking for a song.
I found 10 songs for you. How about the song Tough Lover by Christina Aguilera from the song Burlesque Original Motion Picture Soundtrack?
What type of song is it and when did it come out?
It is a soundtracks song and it came out in 2010.
Yes, that is the one. I'm also looking for an online ghost movie.
How about 47 Meters Down: Uncaged, In Fabric, or Midsommar?
What else is there?
There is One Cut of the Dead, Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark, or Theatre of Blood.
Theatre of Blood sounds great.
Do you want to watch the movie?
No, not right now.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd like to play that song now.
You want to play the song Tough Lover in the living room, right?
No, play it in my kitchen.
Okay, you want to play the song Tough Lover in the kitchen, correct?
Yes, that is right.
I have started playing the song.
What alarms do I have set?
You have 3 alarms set. There is an alarm for 4:30 pm titled piano time.
Okay, thanks.
Do you want to add an alarm?
No, not right now.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you.
Have a great day.
Can you find me a song from the album High Expectations, I heard it was great, or a song that was released in '19.
There are 3 songs applicable to your preferences, would you be interested in Bad Behaviour by Mabel from the High Expectations album?
What genre is Bad Behaviour classified under?
Bad Behaviour is considered a pop song.
That song sounds perfect, can you also find me a good movie to watch online?
Any particular movie genre you enjoy watching?
I tend to enjoy watching drama movies.
Would you be interested in A Faithful Man, After The Wedding, or Blinded by the Light.
I think A Faithful Man sounds good to watch, please play the song you found earlier for me.
The song Bad Behaviour will now play in the Living Room.
Actually cast the song on the speaker in kitchen.
Understood, the song Bad Behaviour will now play in the Kitchen.
That is correct, thank you.
The song is now playing, please enjoy.
What alarms do I have active at the moment.
You currently have an alarm at 9 am, titled Catch train.
Good to know, thanks.
Would you like to add another alarm at the moment?
Not right now, I don't need a new alarm at the moment.
Is there anything else I can help you with for today?
I don't need any further help, thanks a ton for everything.
Your welcome, enjoy your day.
I would like to find songs. Could you look for songs from one years back? The album Slow Air by Still Corners is nice.
I have 2 songs that should wor. How about Black Lagoon by Still Corners from the Slow Air album?
What sort of music is it?
It's a pop song.
Yes, that's the right one.
Shall I play the song?
In a little bit. Do you have any good movies online?
What sort of movies do you like?
I would like movies with Kumiko Izumi in them, and kids movies are best.
How about Paprika?
Paprika is fantastic.
Would you like to play the movie?
No, not right now.
Could I assist with anything else?
Would you play the song you just found?
Could you confirm the following details, like playing the song Black Lagoon in Living room?
No, cast it on the speaker in patio.
Would you confirm that I should play Black Lagoon in Patio?
Yes, that's right.
Please enjoy your music.
Thanks. Please show me my alarms.
You have 2 alarms at the moment. There's a 4 pm alarm called Event.
Sounds good. That'll be it.
Thanks.
I need to search for songs now.
I found 10 songs including Boyfriend by Justin Bieber from the album Believe. What do you think?
Yes, that would be it. Tell me if there are some good movies online.
What type of movies do you like?
I like Fantasy movies as they are great.
They're 2 movies you might like. What about the movies Labyrinth or The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King?
The Lord of the Rings would be good. Can you play that song you found just now by casting it on the living room speaker?
Please confirm details to play the song Boyfriend in Living Room.
No, cast it on my kitchen.
Please confirm details to play the song Boyfriend in the Kitchen.
Yes, that would be correct.
Enjoy the music.
Please show me my alarms.
I have 3 alarms set currently. One is for 6:30 am with the name Get up.
Okay that is great.
Would you like to add an alarm?
No, I don't need any new alarms now.
Is there anything else I can assist with?
No thanks so much.
Thanks to you.
Hey, I want to find some tunes to listen to.
You might like If I Told You. It's by Darius Rucker from the album When Was The Last Time.
Sure, that sounds perfect. Can you tell me if there are any movies worth seeing online?
Are you interested in any specific genre of movies?
Sure, Fight films are cool, especially if John Travolta is in them.
There's 1 movie like that, it's called Pulp Fiction.
Pulp Fiction sounds like a winner!
Would you like to watch this movie now?
No, not right at this time. Actually, can you play the song you mentioned earlier? Any device is fine.
So you would like to hear If I Told You in your Living Room, right?
No. Actually let me hear it on my patio device please.
So again, you want to hear If I Told You on Patio, correct?
Yes, that's it exactly. Do you know what genre of music this song falls under and the year it was released?
The song is considered a Country song and it was released in 2017. Happy listening!
I would like to see my existing alarms now, please.
You have an alarm titled Wake Up for 7:30 am
Excellent. Thank you.
Are you looking to create a new alarm now?
Not at the present time, thanks.
Was there anything additional that you need assistance with?
No, you've been really helpful. Thanks again
Have a lovely day.
Could you search Country Songs for me now? I want songs by Little Big Town.
I have short listed 2 songs of your choice. What is your opinion about the song Girl Crush from the album Pain Killer by Little Big Town.
Can you tell me in which year it is released?
This song is from the year 2014.
Okay this is fine..Do you know any good online movies?
What type of film you like?
I like crime films.
What is your opinion about Pulp Fiction?
The film Pulp Fiction is good..Could you run the song you just found for me and i want to run it on any device.
please give the confirmation details:Run the song Girl Crush in Living Room.
Okay..this is perfect..
Have fun with your music..
Thanks a lot.
Any other help you want?
Please show my alarms now..
The alarm is at 7 am with name wake up.
This is cool..this much is okay for now..
Thank you so much..
Let's search songs from five years back by Ariana Grande please.
Sure, How about Best Mistake by Ariana Grande from her album My Everything?
what kind of genre of music is this?
this is a pop album.
Yes that is the right album.
Great, should I play this now for you?
Maybe later. Are there any good movies playng online?
I'll look for you. Any preference?
Foreign story would be great!
There're 2 movies you may be interested in. What about Tel Aviv on Fire or Zama?
any other options?
I apologize I have not been able to locate any other movies for you.
Let's continue searching. How about Ghost movies featuring Robert Coote.
There is 1 movie i've found, called Theatre of Blood.
Theatre of Blood sounds wonderful.
Great, should I play this movie for you?
No, not now. Can you play the song we found earlier please.
Sure, please confirm. you would like to play Best Mistake in the Living room. is that right?
Yes that is correct.
Enjoy your music.
Can you show me my alarms.
You have 1 alarm currently set. There is an alarm set for 3 pm under Errands.
Ok, thank you for that.
your welcome, would you like to add another alarm?
No not right now. that will be all.
ok, great. have a great day!
Hi, could you find me some Pop songs from the Album Warrior in 2012?
How about Die Young by Kesha in her album Warrior?
Yes! That is the one I was looking for. Could you get me some nice movies to watch too?
Any type of movie you are looking for?
Some ghost movies would be great.
How about 47 Meters Down: Uncaged, In Fabric or Midsommar?
Are there any alternatives, preferably one feature Harumi Shuhama?
There is 1 you might like, how about One Cut of the Dead?
One Cut of the Dead sounds great! Could you play the song you found just now?
Please confirm your request to play Die Young in the Living room.
Yes, that is correct!
Enjoy listening to your music.
Could you also show me my alarms please?
You currently have 3 alarm sets, one titled Running at 7:30 am.
I see, that is all I need. Thanks!
Have a pleasant day ahead!
I want to hear songs from Outsider.
Right Left Wrong by Three Days Grace from Outsider is really good.
Anything else? I do like Three Days Grace!
The Mountain is another great song by Three Days Grace from Outsider.
What year did it come out? '12?
It come out in 2018.
Yes, that is it!
Would you like to play the song?
Later, I want to watch a movie now.
What kind of movies?
Movies based on a play are my favorite.
I found A Faithful Man, After The Wedding, and Blinded By The Light.
Anything else? I would like to watch a bizarre story with Rebecca Rittenhouse.
Once Upon A Time In Hollywood is new and is bizarre.
Once Upon A Time In Hollywood is perfect! Can you play the song you found earlier?
Confirm, playing the Mountain in the living room.
No, play it on the speaker outside.
Confirming, playing the Mountain outside on the Patio.
Yes, what is the music genre?
It is a rock song.
Can you tell me about the alarms I have set?
You have 3 alarms including one at 10 am called Study.
Ok, thanks! That is all I need.
Have a nice day.
Can you help me to find some songs?
There are 10 songs that you might like. Do you like the song Dance Macabre by Ghost from the album Prequelle?
What genre is it?
It is a Metal song.
Yes, that's the one I was looking for. Can you find some Family movies starring Tom Hodges that I can watch online?
There is 1 movie based on your preferences and it is Steel Magnolias.
Steel magnolias is a great movie! Can you play the song that you found for me?
Please confirm that you would like to listen to the song Dance Macabre in the Living room.
Yes, that's right. Please proceed.
Song is now playing. Enjoy the music!
Can you show me my alarms?
You have 1 alarm set for 4:30 pm named Meeting.
Great! Thank you. That's all for now.
Have a great day!
I would like to search for a song to listen to.
I found 10 songs available, including Airplane Mode by Limbo from the album Holo.
What kind of music is that song?
It's a Pop song.
What other music do you have?
There is Ik Vaari Aa by Arijit Singh from the album Raabta.
What year did it come out?
It was released in 2017.
Yeah, that one sounds good, thanks. Are there any good movies online?
What kind of movies would you like to find?
We are looking for Kids movies.
There are 2 movies in that category, The Angry Birds Movie 2 and Toy Story 4.
They will probably like The Angry Birds.
Would you like to play the movie now?
No, not right now, thank you. Can you play the song you found?
You would like to play the song Ik Vaari Aa in the Living room, is that correct?
Yes, that's right. What kind of music is it?
Your song is starting, enjoy the music! It is a song from South Asia.
OK, thanks. Can I take look at my alarms, please?
There is an alarm for 3:30 pm with the name Dentist.
OK, good. That'll be all, thank you.
Have a great day!
I want to search for some nice songs to hear now and I need your help to find the one which should be a Rock-and-roll song.
I got 10 songs and what about the one named Be Somebody by Thousand Foot krutch from the Album The End is Where We Begin.
That is nice song and I choose this one. Now, I want to find some nice movies to watch it online and can you help me to find the good one?
yes, let me know your interested kind of movies to search for the similar one.
I like to watch the movie featuring mikey day and I like Drama type of movies the most.
Do you like the movie named Brittany Runs a Marathon which is the 1 I got for you in the requested type.
Yes Brittany Runs a Marathon is great movie and I fix this.
Shall I play it now?
No, I will watch it later.
How can I assist you further?
Now, I want to hear the song that I have selected before and can you play it now?
Yes, please confirm to play the song Be Somebody in Living room speaker.
Please continue to play.
Song started playing now and you can enjoy the same.
Thanks. now do me one more favor. I want to view my listed alarms and please show me the same.
You have an alarm for 9 am in the name Get up.
Okay. Do I have some other alarms in my list?
Yes, another alarm at 11 am in the name Study.
What else I have in my list?
One more alarm name Busy for the time 3 pm.
That's all okay.
Do you want to add a new alarm now?
No, I just want to view my alarm list. That's all.
Okay. what else you need to do now?
Nothing and thanks for your help.
Have a good day.
Can you help me look up some good tunes from one years ago. The album Narrated For You is definitely worth hearing, I've been informed.
There are 6 tunes that you may enjoy. One is Boy in The Bubble by Alec Benjamin and it is from the Narrated For You album.
Perfect. That's what I was looking for!
You want to listen to this track?
Not this second. I want to search for some films worth watching right now instead.
Shall I search in a specific movie category?
Sure, I would love a good Suspense movie.
There are at least 4 movies that match your tastes. There's Madeline's Madeline, Rojo, and The Art of Self-Defense, all good choices.
Madeline's Madeline sounds like a winner. Now I'd like to go ahead and listen to the song you told me about earlier.
You want to listen to Boy In The Bubble in your Living Room, correct?
Yes, that would be awesome. What genre of music is this song?
The song is in the Pop music category. Hope you like it.
Oh, I'd like to review my current alarms, please.
Presently, you have 3 alarms. One is called Coffee and it is an 8:30 am alarm.
What are the other ones?
There is also an alarm, Catch bus, with a time of 9:30 am.
What are the remaining alarms?
You also have an alarm called Pick up Kids that has a 4:30 pm time.
Excellent, thank you. That's everything for me for now.
Have a nice day.
Hi, could you help me search for some songs please?
There are 10 songs you may like, how about Wolf Totem by The Hu in their album The Gereg?
May I know when was the song release and what is the genre of the song?
This is a rock song released in 2018.
That was what I was looking for! Could you also help me search for movies featuring Javier Botet?
Any preference on the movie genre?
Some ghost movies would be great.
How about Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark?
Are there any alternatives, preferably a Dramatic Story featuring Vladislav Galard.
Would you like to watch A Faithful Man?
A Faithful man sounds great to me! Could you play the song you found just now in my Living room please?
Please confirm your request to play Wolf Totem in your living room.
That is fine with me.
Your song has been played, enjoy!
Could you also show me my alarms please?
You have 2 active alarms, one of which is at 3 pm titled Piano time.
I see, that is all I need. Thank you!
No worries, have a great day ahead!
Help me search for some songs.
There are 10 song you might like. How about The Way I talk by Morgan Wallen from the album If I know Me?
What other songs are there. Do you have anything from California Sunrise by Jon Pardi, I like him.
How about Head Over Boots by Jon Pardi from the album California Sunrise?
When was it released?
It was released in 2015?
What other songs are there?
How about Night Shift by Jon Pardi from the album California Sunrise?
Okay, I like that one.
Do you want to listen to it?
Not right now.
What else can I do for you?
What are some movies online that are enjoyable.
What genre do you like?
I love Funny movies.
How about Chhichhore, Good Boys, or My Big Fat Greek Wedding?
I really like My Big Fat Greek Wedding.
Do you want to watch it?
No, not right now. Actually, can you play the song we talked about?
Night Shift will be played in the Living room, is that good for you?
Yes, that's good.
Enjoy listening to the song.
Thanks a lot!
What else can I do for you?
I want to know what alarms I have.
You have a 7 am alarm called Get up.
Okay, that's all I need to know.
Take care and enjoy the song.
Would you please help me to find a songs now?
What is your opinion about the song Time Up from the album Big A Presents One Chance Riddim by Shenseea?
Okay..this is perfect.
Can i run the song for you?
No, will see later..Is there any good online movies with Dramatic Story?
What about A Faithful Man, After The Wedding, or Blinded by the Light?
Okay...A Faithful Man is good..Would you play the song you found for me?
Please confirm the following details: Running the song Time Up in Living Room.
This is perfect..Do you know the type of music and in which year it come out?
Have fun with your music..Its a Reggae song from the year 2017.
Would you please show my alarms?
Currently there is a 1 alarm for 10 am with name Running.
Okay...this is cool.
Are you like to add an alarm?
I don't like to add new alarms now.
Thank you so much.
I am in a nice mood and I want to hear some nice songs. Can you search for the best one?
I searched and got 10 songs and what about the one called Time Up by Shenseea from the album Big A Presents One chance riddim?
This looks perfect for me. Thanks.
Shall I play it now?
Not now, I will hear it later. Now, search for some movies to watch online.
Is there any favorite kind of movie you have in your mind?
Yes, I think Violent movies will be good for this time.
What about the movie named Pulp Fiction? Do you like it? It is also in the same genre as you like.
Pulp Fiction is okay to me.
How can I assist you further. Shall I play this movie now?
No, please play the song that I have selected before and I want to hear the same in the living room.
Okay, once again confirm to play the song Time Up in your living room speaker.
Sorry, I want to hear it my Kitchen speaker as I have some work to do in the Kitchen.
That's okay. Give me your confirmation to play the song Time UP in your Kitchen speaker.
That is confirmed to proceed.
Song started playing and you can enjoy the same.
Thanks and I want to view my alarm list. Can you show it to me?
Yes, you have 2 alarms and the one is for the time 4:30 pm in the name Piano time.
That's great and thanks.
Have a great day.
Fine me songs please.I have heard that album Everyday Is Christmas is really good.I enjoy Holiday songs and songs by Sia.
I have 1 song for you.How about Snowman by Sia from album Everyday Is Christmas?
The song did come out six years back?
The song it is from the year 2017.
Sounds great.You can find some good movies online?
Tell me what type of movies you like?
Will be great some Dramatic story.
What do you think about A Faithful Man, After The Wedding or Blinded by the Light.
After The Wedding sounds really good.Play for me please the song that you just found.
Play the song Snowman in Living room.I'm right?
Yes that's correct.
Enjoy the music.
Thanks.Show me my alarms.
You have 1 alarm currently set for 10 am called Badminton.
Okay.That's all for now.
Thank you very much!
Find me a song
I got 10 songs for you. What's your opinion about Sick Like Me by In This Moment from the Black Widow album.
What year was it when it come out?
It's the year 2014
Yes, that is the one I am looking for.
Are you interested in to listen to this song?
Maybe after sometime. Did you find any good movies online?
What type of movies do you prefer?
I love movies featuring Bill Thurman. Imaginative fiction movies would be preferred.
What do you say about Close Encounters of the Third Kind?
Close Encounters of the Third Kind is the best.
Can I play the movie for you?
No, not now. Play the song you just found. Any device is preferred.
Can you confirm the following details: playing the song Sick Like Me in Living room.
No. Please cast it on the Speaker outside.
Can you confirm the details below: playing the song Sick Like Me in Patio.
Yes, that's right.
Have fun with your music.
Can I know my alarms.
A 4 pm alarm with name Event.
Okay, that's great.
Anything else do you want me to help with ?
No, Thank you.
Thanks a lot.
Find me a song to listen to.
Do you like Hey Hey Hey by Katy Perry on the Witness album?
That song is perfect.
Shall I cast the song for you?
No, not at the moment. Find me a movie to see on the Internet.
What movie genre should I search in?
Search for Animation movies.
The Angry Birds Movie 2 and Toy Story 4 are the only 2 result that I found.
The Angry Birds Movie is perfect. Cast that earlier song to any device for me.
You wish to cast the song Hey Hey Hey to the Living room, correct?
That is right. What music genre is it and what year was it released?
Your Pop song from 2017 has started playing.
What alarms do I have set?
You have an alarm named Shopping set for 3:30 pm.
What other alarms do I have set?
There is an alarm named Shuttle to work set for 8 am.
That is perfect. I don't need anymore help.
Thanks for letting me help you.
I want you to scan for songs that I can listen.
Would you like to listen to Love Me Like You by Little Mix picked from the album Get Weird?
Sure. Can you get me good movies online? I want to see a Family movie with Julia Roberts.
I can recommend you 1 movie called Steel Magnolias.
I think Steel Magnolias would be fantastic. Could you start the song you told me about?
So you confirm that you want to play the song Love Me Like You in the Living room?
Sure. Was it released nine years ago?
It came out in 2015 and I hope you like the music.
I want you to tell me about my alarms.
You have an alarm to Pick up kids at 3 pm.
Do I have any more alarms?
Unfortunately I have no alarms on your device. Shall I be of any other help?
Nope, thanks for everything.
Thanks very much.
I want to find music. Can you search for songs.
What about Real Friends by Camila Cabello from the album Camila?
Didn't that come out about eight years back? What genre of music is it?
It's a pop song from 2017.
Yeah, that's the right one. Also, I'd like to watch a war movie online.
An option would be The Load.
Yes, The Load works great. Could you also play that song you found on any device?
Please confirm these details: play Real Friends in Living Room.
Yes, that's right.
Enjoy the music!
Thanks! Can you also show me what alarms I have?
You have 3 current alarms. There is a 3:30 pm alarm labelled as Dentist.
Okay, cool, thanks.
Do you want to add any alarms?
Nope, I have everything I need.
Can I be of other assistance?
Nope, that was it, thanks a lot.
Have a good day!
I'm in the mood for some good music. Find me a few songs please.
The Album Double Vision features a song called Back It UP by Prince Royce. Would you like to hear it?
You got a good one on the first try. That's the one I wanted to hear.
Do you want me to begin playing this song now?
Not right now. I'll listen to it later.
If not that, what else can I help you with?
How about a good movie instead? Are there any online?
Sure. What kind of movie are you in the mood for?
An Anime movie would be just what I want to see right now.
Would you like to view the anime movie Paprika?
No thanks. I don't want to see that right now. A family movie featuring Tzi Ma would be more specific to what I want.
I have found 1 movie fitting that requirement. It is a movie called The Farewell.
Farewell sounds like a lovely time. That's perfect.
I can play that movie for you right now if you want.
No no. Sorry I didn't mean right this minute.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
How about playing the song you found for me earlier?
Would you like me to play Back It Up in the Living room?
Yeah start it up for me. What kind of music is Back It Up exactly?
It is a Pop song. Please enjoy your song.
Show me my current alarms that are set.
There is an alarm set for 7 am with the title Gym.
Okay. Thanks for the reminder.
Would you like me to add an alarm?
No, I don't want any new alarms. Just wanted to know about the ones already set.
Alright. What else can I help you with today?
Nothing else for now. Thanks a bunch for your help.
Thank you for allowing me to help. Farewell.
Find some songs by Little Mix on the Get Weird album.
Black Magic by Little Mix is from the Get Weird album and is 1 of 2 songs that I found.
What music genre is it?
It is under the Pop genre.
What other result did you find?
Love Me Like You by Little Mix is also on the Get Weird album.
Was the song released in '19?
No, it was released in 2015.
That is perfect.
Do you need more help?
Find me a Comic movie starring Shishir Sharma on the Internet.
Chhichhore is the 1 result that I did find.
Chhichhore works for me. Play that song from earlier on the speaker outside.
You wish to cast Love Me Like You to the Patio, correct?
That is right. What music genre is it?
Your Pop song has started.
What alarms do I have set?
There is an alarm set for 4:30 pm named Piano time and it is 1 of 3 alarms you have set.
That is perfect. I don't need more help right now.
Thanks for letting me help you.
I want to search popular songs from 2013 such as the This Is Acting album.
I found 1 song, Alive by Sia on This Is Acting.
Yes, that's it. Can you find some good online movies?
Which type would you like to see?
Drama is best.
There are 10 movies. How about a Faithful Man, After the Wedding or Blinded by the Light?
Action would be great thanks.
Do you like Angel Has Fallen, Hobbs and Shaw, or Mission Mangal?
Angel Has Fallen would be nice. Please play the song.
You want to hear Alive in the Living Room, correct?
No on the speaker in kitchen please.
You want to hear Alive in the Kitchen, correct?
No on the speaker in patio.
You want to hear Alive in the patio, correct?
Yes thank you.
Enjoy the song.
Thank you. please show me my alarms.
You have 2 set. One at 10 am called Paper.
Great thank you.
Do you want to add an alarm?
Not right now. That's all thanks.
Thanks, have a great day.
I'm bored and I think some music might help. I'd like to find some songs.
There are 10 songs that I have found. How about a song called Fortunately I Met You by Witwisit Hiranyawongkul from the album called Quarter.
What genre of music is this?
It's a pop song.
Is it from 2012?
It was released in 2014.
Can you keep searching, It's not really my thing.
Sure, how about Soul Provider by Silly Walks Movement? It is from the album called Silly Walks Discotheque Presents Brighter Days Riddim.
This just isn't what I'm looking for. Can you find something more modern from at least '18?
How about African Beauty by Diamond Platnumz from their album called A Boy From Tandale?
Okay great I'll settle on that one. Now I'd like to find a movie to watch online. Can you find something that stars Brenda Vaccaro?
Do you have any preferences on the kind of movie?
I'm in the mood for a bizarre story.
I have found 1 movie called Once Upon a Time in Hollywood.
That's just what I'd like to watch. Once Upon a Time is perfect!
Do you want to watch the movie now?
Not right now thanks. Can you play me the song you found first. I'd like to listen to it in the living room.
Okay so you'd like to listen to African Beauty in the living room.
Yes that's correct. What genre of music is it?
It's a pop song. I hope you like it.
Thanks. Now can you show me my alarms?
You have 2 alarms set at the moment.There is one called Wake Up set for 6:30 am.
Okay thanks. That's it for now.
Thanks a lot.
Find me some songs would you?
Would you enjoy a song from Wind Rose album Wintersaga it called Diggy Diggy Hole?
I love that song.
Should I play it now?
Perhaps another time. I would like to find a good online movie that stars Anri Katsu.
What genre do you prefer?
Right now I want Kids movies please.
Paprika maybe?
Paprika is super duper.
Should the movie start now?
No its for later. But I will listen to the song I chose earlier now.
Would that be Diggy Diggy Hole and should I play it in the Living Room?
No I want to listen to it in the Kitchen.
So that will be Diggy Diggy Hole in the Kitchen?
Wait, sorry, actually I would like it sent to the speaker outside.
Okay Diggy Diggy Hole on the Patio it is right?
That's what I decided yes.
Have a pleasant listening experience.
Thanks, bring up my alarms would you?
Right now 1 alarm is set and it is for 9 am call Badminton.
Good, good you can go now.
Thanks bye.
Could you find some songs for me please.
I found 10. You may like Lost Within by Fivefold from The Story.
What type of music?
It's rock music.
YEs that would be great.
Would you like to play it?
Not right now thanks.
Can I do anything else for you?
I need a good movie to watch online.
What type of movies do you like?
I like funny movies.
There are 5 movies. How about Chhichhore, Good Boys, or my big Fat Greek Wedding?
I like My Big Fat Greek Wedding.
Would you like to play it?
Not right now. How about playing the song I found you?
You would like to hear Lost WIthin cast to the living room, correct?
Yes that is correct.
Enjoy your tune!
Show me my alarms please.
You have 1 alarm at 8:30 am called coffee.
Okay great thank you.
Do you need to add one?
Not right now thanks.`
Can I do anything else for you?
No thanks very much.
My pleasure, have a goood day.
I want to find some songs right now.
I have found 10 songs for you. What is your opinion on Lost and Lonely off the album Sinner by Aaron Lewis?
Yes, that is the one.
Do you want this song to be played?
Not at the moment, perhaps later.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Are there any quality movies available online?
Which type of movies are you interested in?
I would really like some type of Supernatural movie.
What is your opinion of IT Chapter Two?
IT two sounds really good. Would you be able to play the song you found earlier?
Okay, confirm these details for me: playing the song Lost and Lonely in your living room.
Yes, that is right.
I hope you enjoy the music.
Thanks very much! Can you display for me the alarms that I have set?
Yes, you have 1 alarm set for 9 am and it is called Wake up.
Okay, that is good.
Would you like to add another alarm?
No, I don't need to put another alarm on. That's all I wanted.
Thanks very much.
I want to find a song now, and more specifically I like songs from Harris J. I usually enjoy Pop songs, also some friends told me that Salam album is a good one.
There is 1 song which you might like. How would you like listening to Salam Alaikum by Harris J from the Salam album?
That is the song I want.
Do you want this song to be played now?
Some other time, though is it possible for you to find some good movie online?
Is there some specific kind of movie you enjoy?
It would be nice if it would be a Suspense movie.
How would you like watching Madeline's Madeline, Rojo or The Art of Self-Defense?
Madeline would be nice to watch. Is it possible for you to start playing the song you found earlier?
Can you please confirm that you want the song Salam Alaikum to be played in your Living room?
That is what I want. Can you tell me the year when the song came out?
Have a good time listening to the song. The song was released in the year 2015.
Can you tell me my set alarms?
There is 1 alarm which is active. This alarm has been set for 3:30 pm and it is titled Errands.
Alright, that is good.
Are you interested to have another alarm added?
I am not interested to add a new alarm at the moment.
Is there something else I can help you with?
Nothing. Much appreciated!
Thank you too, have a good time!
I have nothing to do for the next few hours. Can you put on some music for me?
Sure, I found 10 you might like. How about Fortunately I Met You by Witwisit Hiranyawongkul from the album Quarter?
What year is that from and what genre?
It's a pop song from 2014.
Ok, that sounds good.
Would you like me to play it?
No, not right now.
Ok, anything else I can do then?
Yeah, can you see if there are any good Ghost movies online, or any movies with Milo O'Shea?
Sure, how about Theatre of Blood?
Theatre of Blood sounds good.
Do you want me to put it on?
No, not right now. Can you go back and play that song you found actually?
Sure, to confirm, you want to play Fortunately I Met You in the Living Room, is that right?
Yes, that's right.
Your song is playing, enjoy!
Great, thanks! Can you also tell me what alarms I have set?
Sure, you have an alarm for Shopping at 5 pm.
Ok, any other ones?
No, there are no other alarms set right now. Anything else I can do?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Sure, thank you.
Can you find me songs?
I found 10 options. How about Pyramid by Jake Zyrus from his album Charice?
Yes, that's great. Can you find me a movie too? Maybe a drama?
I found 10 options for you. How about A Faithful Man, After The Wedding, or Blinded by the Light?
Blinded by the Light sounds great. Can you play the song?
Please confirm: play Pyramid in living room.
Actually, cast it on the patio device.
Please confirm: play Pyramid on the patio.
Yes, that's right. What's the genre?
It's a pop song.
Can you show my set alarms?
There's a 5 pm alarm called errands.
Okay, that's great. That'll be everything.
Thanks, have a nice day.
I'd like to look for some songs.
I've found 10 that may interest you. First, there's Tough Lover by Christina Aguilera from her album Burlesque Original Motion Picture Soundtrack.
What genre of music is it and when did it come out?
It's a Soundtracks song from 2010.
Do you have anything else? I like Niykee Heaton and heard that Starting Over is good.
There's 1 song that matches. It's Mascara by Niykee Heaton from the album Starting Over.
Yes, that's it.
Do you want me to play it?
Not right now. Can you find good Fantasy movies online?
I've found 2 movies you may like. How about Labyrinth or The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King?
The Lord of the Rings sounds good.
What else can I do?
Can you play that song?
Okay. You want me to play Mascara in the Living room, right?
No, please put it on the speaker outside.
Alright. I'll play Mascara on the Patio.
Yes, that's right.
Okay. Enjoy it!
What alarms do I have?
You have 1 alarm right now. It's set for 4:30 pm and named Event.
Okay, that's good.
Do you want to add another?
No, I don't need any more. That's all.
Thank you so much.
Please find some Popular songs preferably of Tyler Shaw.
Do you like With You , 1 of Tyler Shaw? It is from Intuition.
Do you know if its of eight years ago?
It is 2018 song.
the right one, thank you.
Shall I play it for you now.
Not now, thank you.
Do you need any other help?
Can I enjoy movies online?
Which type of movie will please you?
I prefer Offbeat movies.
1 such type movie is Once upon a time in Hollywood. Do you like it?
Once Upon a Time in Hollywood is really great. now please play the song selected on any device.
Please ensure the request: playing With you in Living room.
Please play it on kitchen device.
Please confirm that you asked for With you to be played in Kitchen.
Yeah, thats it.
It started, make your heart relaxed.
One more favor, my alarms please.
You have an alarm at 8:30 am to Wake Up.
No more alarms.
Another one is at 4:30 Pm titled Piano time.
Fine, thanks for your help
My pleasure, keep relaxed.
Find me songs from three years ago from the album Starboy.
How about I Feel It Coming by The Weeknd from the Starboy album?
What sort of music is it?
It's a disco song.
That's it. Can you find some good movies online?
What sort of movies are you into?
Bizarre story movies sound great.
How about Once Upon a Time In Hollywood?
Once upon a time is a good one. Could you play the song you just found?
Please confirm that you want to play the song I Feel It Coming in the Living Room.
No, it should be cast on the patio device.
Okay so you want to play I feel It Coming on Patio?
Yes, that's right.
Please enjoy.
Thanks. Would you show me your alarms?
You have 1 alarm set at the moment. There's one for 9:30 am called Catch bus.
Sounds good. That's it for now.
Thanks.
Hi, could you help me search for some Country songs please?
Would you like to listen to A Little Bit Stronger by Sara Evans in her album Stronger?
Are there any alternatives? Preferably from the album Home State from 2017.
There are 2 songs which you might like, how about Singles You Up by Jordan Davis in his album Home State?
Are there any alternatives? Heard that Current Mood is great!
There is 1 you may like, how about Small Town Boy by Dustin Lynch in his album Current mood?
Yes, I was looking for that. Could you get me an online drama movie featuring Kulvinder Ghir?
There is 1 you might like, how about Blinded by the Light?
Blinded by the Light sounds great to me!
Would you like me to play the movie?
No, that is not necessary.
Do you need any further assistance then?
How about playing the song you found just now on any device?
Sure, please confirm your request to play Small Town Boy in the Living Room.
Could you play it on the speaker outside instead?
Sure, please confirm your request to play Small Town Boy in Patio.
That is correct. Thank you.
Your music has been played. Enjoy!
Could you also show me my alarms please?
You currently have 1 active alarm at 3 pm titled Busy.
I see, great!
Do you need any further assistance?
No, that is all I need. Thank you!
Have a great day ahead!
I'm in the mood to hear some music and dance, can you help me find some Pop songs?
The first song on my list of 10 that I think you may like is titled Acapella, from the albulm Pulses, and by the artist Karmin.
Was is released three years back.
The description says it was released in the year 2013.
Perfect, that sounds like just my style.
Should I go ahead and play the song for you?
Not yet, maybe in a little while.
Was there something else I can do for you?
Yes, what about movies? I think I would also like t find a play movie that features Micah Stock.
Brittany Runs a Marathon fits that description.
The movie Brittany Runs a Marathon sounds good.
Is there anything else I can find for you?
Yes, would you please play the song you previously found on the speaker outside?
So you want to hear Acapella playing from the patio?
No, I changed my mind, play it from the living room instead please.
Okay, so you would like me to begin playing the song titled Acapella in the living room?
Yes, please and thank you!
Have fun.
One more thing, can you tell me what alarms I have set at the moment?
I see here that you currently have 3 alarms set. The first is set for 8 am labeled running.
Okay, thank you!
Is there an alarm you would like me to add to the existing ones?
No, but thank you for asking. That is all I need for now.
It was my pleasure.
I want you to find me Electropop songs by Tove Lo.
This one is off the album Lady Wood by Tove Lo called Cool Girl how about that one?
I'd love it, what are some good movies you can find online?
What genre would you like me to search for?
Cartoon is my favorite right now.
I have 2 suggestions, would you enjoy The Angry Birds Movie 2 or perhaps Toy Story 4?
I choose Toy Story 4 sound good.
Should I start the movie for you?
Not right now may be later.
Do you need anything else?
Yes, cast the song I wanted to Patio please.
Cast Cool Girl to Patio correct?
No wait play it on the kitchen speaker I changed my mind
Alright that's Cool Girl in the Kitchen correct?
Yes I am sure of that
May your listening bring you pleasure.
Hey, wait, what are my alarms?
There are 3 - Wake up for 6:30 am is one.
Super just checking you can go now.
Enjoy yourself.
I want to hear rock-and-roll songs by Thousand Foot Krutch.
I have found 2 songs you may like by Thousand Foot Krutch of their The End Is Where We Begin album. Would you like to hear Be Somebody?
When was that album released?
The album was released in 2012.
Okay, that is the one I would like to hear. Can you help me find some good cartoon movies featuring Leslie Jones?
How about The Angry Birds Movie 2?
Yes, I would like to watch angry birds.
Did you want me to start the movie for you now?
No not right now, I would like to hear the song first on my patio speaker.
You would like for me to play Be Somebody on your patio device correct?
Yes please and thank you.
I hope you enjoy the song.
Thank you, one more thing, can you show me my current alarms.
I only see 1 alarm you have set for 11 am which saids catch bus.
Thanks for that. Goodbye.
Good bye.
Search for me some songs.
What is your opinion about the album The New Classic by Iggy Azalea with song Work.
What type of music is this.In four years back has came out?
From 2013 and is a Pop song.
Yes I like this one.
You want to play this song?
No.Not now maybe later.
With something else I can help you?
You can find me some movies,I enjoy movies featuring Patch Darragh.
What type of movies you like?
Something Dramatic story will be great.
What do you think about Brittany Runs a Marathon?
Brittany Runs a Marathon sounds really good.
You want to watch it now?
No.Not now.
Can I still help you?
Play in any device the song that you have found.
Play the song Work in Living room.Is okay?
Yes that's good.
Enjoy the music.
Show me my alarms,please.
You have an alarm with name Shuttle to work at 8:30 am.
Okay.That's all for now.
Thank you very much.
I would like to search for some songs to listen to.
I found 10 songs for you, including Stay by Rihanna from the album Unapologetic.
What kind of music is it?
It is a Pop song.
OK, thank you for finding that.
Would you like to play the song now?
Not yet, thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I want to look for a good movie. What are some movies online?
What kind of movies are you interested in?
I think I might watch a crime movie.
There's 1 movie in that category, Pulp Fiction.
Pulp Fiction is great, thanks.
Would you like to play the movie now?
Not yet, thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm ready to play the song you found. Please play it in the living room.
You would like to play the song Stay in the Living room, is this right?
Yes, that's right.
Enjoy the music!
I think I should check my alarms.
There is an alarm for 6:30 am with the name Get up.
OK, that's good. That's all, thank you.
Have a good evening!
I would like to find a song to listen to please, something from '19 in the Metal genre. The album The Great War is supposed to be good, I hear.
Would you like to hear the song A Ghost In The Trenches which is from the Sabaton album The Great War?
I would, thank you.
Shall I play that song for you now?
No, not right now, thanks. I want to find a movie, too, please. I love an eccentric story and I'd like something with Inbal Amirav, I think.
Would you like to see Once Upon A Time In Hollywood?
Sure, Once Upon A Time In Hollywood would be terrific. Would you mind playing that song now?
Confirming playback of A Ghost In The Trenches on the Living room speaker.
Sounds good, thank you.
My pleasure, enjoy the song.
May I see the alarms I have please?
There's an alarm named Badminton which is at 9 am.
Excellent, thank you for your help.
I'm happy to help, have a nice day.
I am looking for a song from '18 by Jess Glynne.
There is 1 song called Thursday by Jess Glynne from the album Always In Between.
Yes, That is the song I am looking for.
Do you want me to play it for you?
No, Not now. Maybe later.
Can I help you with anything else?
I want to watch movies featuring Daria Ekamasova online.
What is the type of movies you want to watch?
I prefer Comedy-drama movies.
I found 1 movie called Give me Liberty.
Give me Liberty sounds nice to me.
Would you like me to play it for you?
No, not now. I would like you to play the song you just found.
Please confirm: You want me to play Thursday in Living room.
Yes, That works for me.
Your music is playing. Enjoy!
Can you tell me type of this music?
The type of music is Pop.
Okay. Thank you so much! I want see my alarms.
I found an alarm for 7 am with the name as Breakfast.
Okay. That is all I need for now. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day!
Any songs you can recommend that I would enjoy listening to?
There are 10 songs you may like, how about Grow As We Go by Ben Platt, from his Sing To Me Instead album.
Sounds perfect, thanks for the recommendation.
Shall I begin playing the song?
Not right now, maybe later.
Will that be all that I can assist you for today?
Actually can you find me a good movie to watch online, like a supernatural movie, and something with Jeremy Ray Taylor
I found 1 movie you may enjoy, would you be interested in IT Chapter Two?
I think IT Chapter Two sounds like a good movie to watch, however can you play the song you found earlier right now?
The song Grow as We Go will now begin playing in the living room.
That is correct, thanks.
The song is now playing, hope you enjoy it.
Was this song by any chance released six years back?
The song was actually released this year, it is a 2019 song.
For this song, in which genre would it be classified as?
The song is considered a pop song.
Thanks, what alarms do I have active at the moment?
There are 3 alarms set, one is set for 3 pm and titled Pick up kids.
Great, that is just what I needed, no further help is necessary.
Understood, enjoy the rest of your day.
Hi, could you help me search for some Rock-and-roll songs please?
How about Be Somebody by Thousand Foot Krutch from their album The End Is Where We Begin?
Yes, that was what I was looking for!
Would you like me to play the song for you?
Perhaps later on. Thanks.
Do you need any other help then?
Are there any nice online movies I could watch?
Any specific genre you are looking at?
Some cartoon will be great.
Would you like to watch The Angry Birds Movie 2 or Toy Story 4?
The Angry Birds sounds perfect! Could you play the song you found just now?
Please confirm your request to play Be Somebody in the Living room.
Sorry, could you play it with the speaker in kitchen instead?
Please confirm your request to play Be Somebody in the kitchen.
Yes, that is right.
Your song has been played. Enjoy!
Thank you so much. Could you show me my alarms please?
You have 1 active alarm at 4:30 pm titled Piano Time.
I see, that is all I need. Thank you!
Sure, have a pleasant day ahead.
I would like to find songs. I heard Raees is good.
I found 1 called Laila Main Laila by Pavni Pandey from Raees.
Good, also a movie.
What type of movie?
A fantasy movie with Natalie Finland
There is 1 called Labyrinth.
OK, Labyrinth is good.
Would you like to watch it now?
No, thank you.
Can I help with anything else?
Can you play that song on any device?
Confirming playing Laila Main Laila in the Living Room.
Actually, play it is the kitchen.
OK, confirming playing Laila Main Laila in the kitchen.
What kind of music is it an is it from 2014?
It is a South Asia song from 2017.
What alarms do I have?
You have 3 and one titled shuttle to work at 9:30 am.
Ok, that's good.
Thank you.
Hey, I'm in the mood to listen to some pop songs from 2015. Double Vision is supposed to be good.
How about Back It Up by Prince Royce from the album Double Vision?
That's exactly what I'm looking for. How about online movies? Play movies are what I'm looking for, something featuring Vincent Andriano.
I found 1 movie that you might like, how about Blinded by the Light?
Blinded by the Light is perfect.
Should I play the movie for you?
No, not at this time.
Anything else I can assist you with?
Please play the song we just discussed on the speaker in patio.
So you'd like to listen to Back It Up in patio. Is this correct?
Yes, perfect.
Hope you enjoy your music.
Thanks! Also, can you show me my alarms?
You have 3 alarms set right now. There's one for 3 pm with the name pick up kids.
Okay perfect, thanks for your help.
Thank you very much.
