I totally forgot my schedule and appointments of my calendar. Will you find events on my calendar?
It is a pleasure for me, Which date i need to check?
Actually it is on March 5th.
The event will start at 10 am and the event is Dentist appointment.
Ok Fine.It is a very useful information. Do i have any other events scheduled? Will you find on March 13th?
The event will start at 10:30 pm and you need to go for a Movie show.
Ok that's great and i need to know whether i am available on that day. Please find also that?
On March 13th, you have an emply slot starting at 8 pm and slot ends at 10:30 pm
Ok that's great and i need to thank you for your wonderful work.
Take care Have a great day
What is my calendar like for Monday next week.
You have a stylist appointment at Philgood Cuts at 3:30 pm.
Do I have anything scheduled for Wednesday next week.
You have a Westside Gunn concert for 7:30 pm.
That would be fine.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
When do I have some free time.
You have time available next Wednesday between 9:30 pm and midnight.
That would be ok. That would be all.
Enjoy your day.
I am not sure when is my friend's birthday so I am going to check the calendar.
Please tell me which date you want to know.
My friend's birthday is on the 9th.
There are 3 events scheduled for you. The first one is Doctor appointment at 11 am.
Let me look on March 14th to see if I have any other events scheduled.
You have a Baseball game at 5 pm.
Great. When is my free time then?
You are free from 8 am to 4 pm.
Great. Thanks so much.
Thanks for being patient and please have a wonderful day.
I want to check my calendar on the 10th of March.
On that day, you will be watching a 10:30 pm showing of a movie at The New Parkway Theater.
Great! I'm looking forward to that movie. What spare time do I have that day?
On March 10th, you have free time spanning from 8 am to 1:30 pm.
That's good to know.
Do I need to help you any further?
You do not need to help me further. Thanks for reminding me of what I'm doing that day.
Enjoy your day.
I want to see the events on my calendar.
What date were you inquiring about?
I want to know about the 4th of this month.
You have a Dentist appointment with Bautista Maximilian at 4 pm.
Thank you. When am I available?
Next Monday there is an empty slot from 8 am to 2:30 pm.
That sounds great.
Anything else I can do for you?
No, that's it. Thanks.
Have a great day.
Can you check events on my calendar?
What date I should look for?
Look for the 9th of this month.
There is a Soccer game event at 5 pm.
Okay, That sounds perfect. Find me when I am available.
You are available at 2:30 pm till 5 pm on March 9th.
Okay, That sounds great. That will be all.
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day.
I'd like to check the events I have scheduled on next Wednesday.
Okay, you have an event at 7 pm, it's a movie show.
Great, are there any other events scheduled?
Yes, you have a reservation for 6 people at Rocker Oysterfeller's for 11:30 am.
Is there anything else scheduled for the 9th of this month?
Yes, there are 2 scheduled events. There is a Joe Hisaishi concert that starts at 7:30 pm.
That's good, when am I available?
There is an empty slot from 8 am to 7:30 pm.
Okay great.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you.
Okay, have a nice day.
What events do I have in my calendar?
What date are you curious about?
I want to know about the 6th.
You have an event baseball game: Diamondbacks Vs Rockies at 7:30 pm.
Do I have anything scheduled on the 14th of March?
You have a movie at AMC Mercado 20 at 10:30 pm.
Okay, thanks. When am I available?
You are free on March 14th from 8 am to 11 am.
Thanks, that's all.
Have a great day.
I'd like to check events on my calendar.
What day do you wish to know?
The day is Wednesday next week.
You have an event starting at 4:30 pm about a movie booking for Dumbo.
Do I have anything else planned on the 13th of March?
You have an event beginning at 10:30 am about viewing at ridgeview terrace Townhouses.
That sounds great. Tell me when I am available.
The event starts on March 13th, and you have an empty slot that begins at 11 am and ends at 1:30 pm.
That sounds wonderful.
Could I assist you with anything else?
Nah. Thanks for your assistance.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
I want to see whats on my calendar
Which date are you looking at?
I am looking for Friday next week
You have a Restaurant reservation at Mcdonald's at 6 pm
That's good, when am I free?
You're available next Friday between 1 pm and 6 pm
That's good thank you
Have a nice day!
Can you show me the events on my calendar? I need a verification.
Which date are you looking for?
I want to get details on 1st of March.
You have got event at 1 pm on that day at Restaurant reservation at Pasta Moon.
Please check 9th of this month is vacant.
No sir, you have fixed that day to enjoy Psychedelic Furs concert at 6 pm
Ok, Then which day I will be available?
You are free from 8 pm to midnight on March 9th.
Fine, thank you.
Do you need any other service?
No, that's all. Thank you.
Have a great day sir.
I'd like to verify activities on my calendar, specifically on the 3rd of March.
You have a Dentist appointment with C-Dental X-Ray that begins at 1 pm.
Is there any other activity planned for me on the 4th of March?
You have a Property viewing activity that begins at 4:30 pm.
That's great. Tell me what time I am available.
The day for the activity is next Monday, and you have an empty slot that begins at 8 am and finishes at 10:30 am.
That's perfect; that's all.
Have a pleasant afternoon.
I want to check the events on my calendar.
Which day would you like to search?
I would like to know the 14th.
You have a Dermatologist appointment with Karls Michael S. at 10 am.
Do I have other events scheduled for the 12th of this month?
You have a restaurant reservation for 4 at Betty Spaghetti starting at 11:30 am.
Sounds good, when am I available?
There is 1 empty slot in your calendar for March 12th from 1 pm to 10:30 pm.
That is good information.
Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all thank you.
have a good day.
Please check Saturday this week on my calendar.
This Saturday Table for 2 at Caputo is scheduled at 7 pm
Is there anything else on the calendar March 12th?
At 6 pm there is a Baseball game scheduled.
Great.
Is there anything else you need?
When do I have free time?
March 12th there is 1 space from 8 am to 12 pm.
Great.
What else do you need?
That's all, thank you.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I want to take my girlfriend on a proper date soon but I don't know what I have on my schedule already. Can you check upcoming events on my calendar?
Is there a particular date you would like me to look at for you?
Yes, I was thinking the 5th of March.
You have a movie show beginning at 11 pm on that day.
Okay, what do I have scheduled for the 2nd of this month?
You have a Stylist appointment at Lotte Beauty Salon at 5 pm on that day.
So far that sounds good.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, rather than telling me my scheduled events can you tell me when I am available?
It looks like tomorrow you are free from 8 am until 5 pm.
Great, everything sounds good.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that was all I needed at the moment. Thank you.
It was my pleasure, enjoy the rest of your day.
I need the details of my calendar. Look for Friday next week
You have an Dermatologist appointment with Greenbrae Dermatology, cheryl Tanasovich, M.D., Benjamin Nichols, M.D., John Maddox, M.D. at 2 pm
Fine, now check the 6th.
Yes there is one at 5 pm at Juliana Hatfield concert
Ok. Let me see when I am available.
You are available on 3 slots, one from 8 am to 11:30 am
Fine.Thank you.
Any more help?
No Thank you.
Have a good day
I'm kind of curious about what's on my calendar for next Thursday.
Your calendar has a Property viewing event that starts at 12 pm.
Is there anything else on there for the 10th of March?
You also have a Reservation for 2 people at Acquolina at 6 pm.
Okay. Tell me what times I have available.
For March 10th, you have empty slots from 12 pm to 6 pm.
Alright, cool. That sounds good.
Is there anything else you need?
No. Thanks for all of your help.
Have a good one!
I would like to search for an event.
Which day would you like?
The date is 9th of March.
Buddy Guy concert is going to start 5 pm.
Do I have any other events scheduled?
You have Movie show starting at 7 pm.
Do I have other events scheduled?
You don't have any other event for that day. Can I assist you further?
What event do I have on March 4th?
You have a Dermatologist appointment with Bernard Recht, Ph.D., M.D. at 10:30 am.
Sounds good, Show me when I am available.
There is 3 empty slots on your calendar from 8 am to 10:30 am.
Thank you for your assistance.
Have a good day.
I need to check my events calendar for the 6th.
You have an Appointment with Darnell Jr Robert at 12:30 pm.
Good! When am I available?
Your appointment is next Wednesday, but you have an empty slot from 1:30 pm to midnight.
Great! That's all I need. Thanks.
Your welcome. Have a nice day.
What do I have scheduled on my calendar for the 12th of March?
I can see that you have a Restaurant reservation for 3 at Nick's Rockaway at 11 am on that day.
Okay, can you tell me what times I am available that day?
On March 12th it looks like you have an opening between the hours of 8 am and 11 am.
Okay, that sounds good. That is all I needed for today.
Have a great day!
I forgot the events need to attend . will you check the events on my calendar?
Tell me which date i need to check?
the date is 11th of this month.
on that date you have Appointment with Val Mark Dental Studio and the event starts at 5 pm.
Whether any other events scheduled, actually is need to find for the date March 9th?
on MArch 9th you have Stylist appointment at Opus Arcade and the event start at 12:30 pm
Its great and its suits me. Will you find me when i am available?
The date for the event is March 9th and you have empty slot starting at 5 pm and ends at 5:30 pm
Ok will you find any other available time?
Sorry you don't have any other available time? whether you need to find any other thing?
No . thanks for your help.
take care have a great day.
What's on my calendar for the 12th of March?
You have a 1:30 pm restaurant reservation at Blowfish Sushi. Enjoy.
Do I have anything scheduled on the 5th?
Yes. You have a baseball game at 5:30 pm.
Ok great. When am I free?
Next Tuesday, you have a free slot from 2:30 pm to 3 pm.
Thanks. That's all for now.
Have a good one.
Let me check my calendar/
For which date?
The 12th of this month.
You're going to a Thee Oh Sees concert at 7:30 pm.
Sounds good.
Anything else I can help with?
Show my available slots.
For March 12th you have an empty slot from 11 am to 11:30 am.
Sounds good, that's all.
Have a nice day.
Can you tell me what's on my calendar?
Of course. What day?
What events do I have on the 7th of this month?
You have a movie show at 11 pm.
Ok. When am I free next?
Next Thursday, you have a free slot on your calendar from 8 am to 5 pm.
Thanks
Anything else I can do to help?
Nope. Not now
Have a good one.
Can you get my calendar for me?
what date should I start on?
Let's see March 4th.
I see: Movie show starting at 8:30 pm.
What do I have on March 9th?
You'll go to a stylist appointment. It is at 10 am.
Ok, when do I have open?
You have 1 empty slot. It's a long one from 10:30 am. until 7:30 pm. This is for March 9th.
Great. I got it.
Have a good time.
Can you check on my calendar Saturday this week?
You have a Movie booking for Shazam! starting at 4 pm.
Sounds good.
Can I help you with anything else?
Show me when I am available.
You have an empty slot tomorrow from 3 pm to 4 pm.
Ok thank you for checking.
Do you need anything else?
No, that is all.
Have a good day.
Can you check for any events I might have on my calendar?
What date are you looking for?
1st of March.
You have a Movie booking for Hotel Mumbai at 9 pm.
What about the 14th of this month?
You have 1 Baseball game starting at 7 pm.
Sounds good. Can you show me any open dates?
You have an empty slot from 4 pm to 7 pm on March 14th.
Sounds good.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thanks for your help.
Have a good day.
I want to look at my calendar.
Which date?
The 9th of March.
You have 2 events scheduled on that day. One of them is a Movie at Contra Costa Stadium Cinemas at 10 pm.
Okay. Thank you.
Do you need anything else?
When am I available on that day?
You have 2 open slots available, one of them is from 8 am to 10:30 am.
Do I have another opening?
Yes, from 11 am to 10 pm.
Thanks. That's all I need.
Have a good day.
I want to look at the events on my calendar. The date I want to check events on is March 3rd.
On March 3rd, you have scheduled a Restaurant reservation at Venticellos Ristorante Italiano at 12:30 pm.
What about events on the 10th of this month?
Concerning the 10th of this month, there is an Appointment with Dr Ashmita Shetty at 10 am.
Oh I almost forgot about that. That sounds good to me. Thanks for the reminder.
Do you need help with anything else?
Can you tell me when I do not have anything booked or planned?
On March 10th, you have an empty slot that goes from 8 am to 10 am.
So there's about 2 hours of empty time slots. That sounds fine to me. Thanks. That's all I need.
Anytime. Have a good evening.
Can you check my calendar for me?
What date should I check?
March 14th please.
You have a Dentist Appointment at 10 am.
Can you check March 2nd?
You have a Football Game: Raiders vs Titans at 7:30 pm.
Anything else on that date?
You have a Movie show at 10:30 pm.
Okay, when do I have free time?
You're free from 8 am to 7:30 pm.
Okay thanks for that.
Can I help further?
No that's it.
Have a great day.
i must check how my calendar is looking-especially upcoming events
can you tell me what month or date i can look up for you
yes please checkout this date for me 9th of march
ok ive found 3 events on calendar-includes Dentist Appointment which is booked for a 10 am start
seems ok what slot times do i have before then-
you are free from 8 am to 10 am how is that
great this will allow me time to do what i need too before the Dentist
please ensure you have a safe and good day
I want to check my calendar for events.
What's the date you want to know?
On the 11th.
There are 2 events scheduled on you calendar. Apartment viewing at Windsor Ridge for 12:30 pm.
That sounds good. When will I be available?
There's a slot open from 8 am to 12:30 pm.
Are there any other available times?
1 pm to 5 pm are available.
Any other times available besides that?
You are available 6:30 pm to 12 pm.
That sounds good and all I'll need.
Have a good day.
I want to check my calendar for events for Friday next week.
Friday next week, you have an Appointment at Great Clips at 3 pm.
Do I have any events scheduled for the 9th?
You have 3 events scheduled that day, including a Hairdresser appointment at 3 pm.
Perfect. Tell me when I am available.
You are available from 8 am to 3 pm.
Great. Thank you.
Have a great rest of your day!
I need to check my calendar events.
Are you interested in a particular date?
Please check the 14th.
There is 1 event scheduled on that date. It is the Soccer Game: Sounders Vs United at 7 pm.
That's great. Let me see when I'm free.
On March 14th, you have available space from 8 am until 6 pm.
Awesome!
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Enjoy your day.
i want to check my events on my calendar.
which date did you want to know
i want to know about the date march 12th.
you have 3 events scheduled on that day. you have dentist appointment with Gerald E. Dixon Scott E. Dixon at 12 pm.
it sounds good. show me when i am available?
there are 4 empty slots from 8 am to 12 pm.
did i have any other available time?
you have a another empty slot from 1 pm to 5:30 pm.
do i have any other available time?
you have a another empty slot from 6 pm to 6:30 pm.
it sounds good.
can i help you with anything else?
no thanks.
have a good day.
I would like to check the events of March 6th on my calendar
There's 1 events on the calendar: a Table for 5 at Mcdonald's at 11:30 am
Ok, It's perfect. Let me see when I'm available
Next Wednesday you have an empty slot starting 1 pm and ending at 10:30 pm
Ok, it sounds good
Can I help you again?
No, It's all thanks
Have a nice day
I want to check if I have any upcoming appointments or events on my calender
Which date should I search for?
I want the details for next friday.
You have 1 stylist appointment at 10 am scheduled for that date on the calendar.
That sounds alright. Show me available slots on that day
You have an empty slot from 8 am to 10 am next friday.
That sounds perfect. That is all I would be needing.
Have a fantastic day ahead.
It's going to be a very busy week! I want to check events on my calendar to make sure I am prepared.
Which date were you particularly looking at?
I know the 10th of this month I have something going on.
Yes, you have the dentist appointment with Dr. Prakash Advani at 1:30 pm.
Ok. What other events do I have scheduled?
Don't forget that you're watching a movie at the new Parkway Theater at 10:30 pm.
Ok. Are there any other events I need to remember?
No, there are no other events scheduled for the 10th. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, could you tell me what I have scheduled on the 13th?
Yes, you have a general practitioner appointment at 4:30 pm on the 13th.
Thank you! Can you tell me what time periods I have available?
Yes, you have availability between 8 am to 12:30 pm.
That sounds good!
Can I help you with anything else?
No, that would be it. Thank you so much for your help!
Have a wonderful day!
I want to check my events calendar.
For which date?
The day after tomorrow.
You're going to a Movie at Century Vallejo 14 at 10:30 pm.
Ok, show when I'm available.
You have 1 empty slot the day after tomorrow from 8 am to 7:30 pm.
Sounds good, that's all.
Have a nice day.
Can you tell me about the events I currently have on my calendar?
Any particular date you are interested in knowing more about?
Tell me more about the events I have on the 10th of March.
For that date, you have the Jason Isbell concert at 5:30 pm.
Any other events scheduled, preferably on March 9th?
On March 9th you have a doctor appointment at 2:30 pm.
Great, tell me when I am available.
For March 9th, you have 1 empty slot at 5:30 pm until 10 pm.
That sounds good, that is all I needed.
Glad I can be of assistance, have a good day.
I want to check events on my calendar. The date is next Monday.
You have a Damien Jurado concert. The event is going to start at 6 pm.
Sounds good. Show me when I'm available.
There are 2 empty slots on your calendar. The nearest one is 8 am to 6 pm.
Sounds good. That is all I need.
Have a good day.
I want to check events on my calendar on March 2nd.
You have a movie show at 10 pm.
That sounds good.
Do you need help with anything else?
Can you tell me my availability?
There's 1 empty slot on your calendar tomorrow starting at 8 am and ending at 12 pm.
Sounds great.
Do you need help with anything else?
No, thanks for your help.
Have a great day.
I need to plan my week. What events have I marked down on my calendar?
For which date?
For March 1st.
You have a Vampire Weekend concert to attend at 5 pm
Is there anything planned for the 13th?
There is a Dentist appointment marked off for 1:30 pm
That's awesome. When do I have time available?
You have an empty slot on March 13th from 8 am to 1:30 pm.
Is there any other time slot open?
Not for this week. Is there anything else you need assistance with?
No. Thanks for your assistance.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Can you show me all the events on my calendar?
What date do you want to look at?
Select the 12th of March.
There is a Movie at AMC Brentwood 14. It is going to start at 10 pm.
That is great.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Tell me when I am going to be available.
There is 1 free slot on your calendar on March 12th. It starts at 8 am and ends at 1:30 pm.
Fine. That will be all.
Have a nice day!
Please check an event on my calendar on 11th of March
You have hairdresser appointment at 2 pm
What about 10th of this month
You have dermatologist appointment at 2 pm
ok, show me my available time slot
You have 1 available time slot on March 10th from 11 am to 2 pm
ok perfect
Anything else i can help you with
no thats it
have a nice day
I would like to double check my calendar for events on the 8th.
There is a Through The Roots concert beginning at 6 pm on your calendar.
Are there any other scheduled events?
No, that is the only event on your calendar for that date.
What about my schedule for the 6th of March?
There is a Baseball game that begins at 7:30 pm on that date.
Excellent. I would like to see my available times
The event is next Wednesday and you have available time from 8 am to 11:30 am.
Excellent, that sounds perfect.
Is there anything else you would like me to assist you with?
No, that was all. Thanks!
Have a nice day.
I wanna check my calendar for events.
Which date should I look at?
Look at the 6th.
There are 3 events scheduled on this date. You have an Appointment at World Cuts at 3 pm.
What about any other events scheduled for this Sunday?
You have a Dentist appointment at 1 pm.
Okay, sounds great. When am I available?
You have an open time from 8 am to 1 pm.
Any other available time?
You're available from 2 pm to 7:30 pm.
Okay, great. Thanks, that's all I needed.
Have a nice day!
Is there anything scheduled on my calendar for March 13th?
You have a stylist appointment at Supercuts for 12 pm.
Do I have anything scheduled for the 1st of this month?
You have a soccer game: sounders vs timbers at 6:30 pm
That's awesome. When is my schedule clear?
You have 1 space available today from 5 pm - 8 am.
That would be fine. I do not need anymore assistance.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Hello, I want to check the upcoming events on my calendar.
Which dates are you looking for specifically?
Please check for later today.
You have 3 events scheduled. You have a Dentist appointment with Kini Ramanand , Kini Lata starting at 1 pm.
What other events do I have today?
You also have a General Practitioner appointment that begins at 3 pm.
Do I have other events scheduled today?
You have a Stylist appointment at Redline Barbers. The appointment is set for 6:30 pm.
Sounds good. Can you please show me when I am available?
You have an empty slot from 8 am to 1 pm.
Sounds great, thank you. That is all I need.
Have a good day.
I need to check my calendar.
What date do you want to check?
I need the 9th of March.
On March 9th you have 3 scheduled events. The first is Apartment Viewing at 10 am.
Give me my calendar for the 13th.
On March 13th you have 1 event. The event id Apartment viewing at Reed Square at 2 pm.
Ok. That sounds good.
Do you need anything else?
Show me when I an available.
You are free between 8 am and 11:30 am.
Do I have any other openings?
You are free fom 12:30 pm to 2 pm.
Do I have any other openings?
You are free from 2:30 pm to 5 pm.
Ok, Good. Thanks.
Do you need anything else.
Not for now, thanks?
Let me know if you need anything else.
I want to check events on my calendar for Thursday next week.
You have a Movie booking for Breakthrough starting at 10:30 pm.
Do I have any other events scheduled?
You have a Reservation for 2 people at Mandalay Restaurant starting at 1 pm.
Do I have other events scheduled?
You have a Viewing at Park Branham Apartments starting at 11:30 am.
Sounds good, when am I available?
You have an opening from 8 am to 11:30 am.
Sounds good. That's all I need.
Have a good day.
What is happening March 9th on my calendar?
You have an Apartment viewing at 11 am.
Is anything else scheduled?
You also have a Dentist appointment at 12:30 pm.
Okay. When should I be available?
There are 4 empty slots on your calendar from 8 am through 11 am.
Okay. That is all.
Have a nice day.
Can you help me check my calendar for events?
What date should be checked?
Please check 10th of March.
There is a 2 pm Appointment at Glam-Up.
Do I have any events scheduled on March 9th?
You have 2 events including a 3 pm Appointment at Sport Clips Haircuts Of Brentwood.
Is there anything else on the schedule?
At 9:30 pm you have a Movie show.
Great, can you show me my availability now?
You have availability from 8 am to 3 pm.
Great!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Not now, thanks for checking for me.
Enjoy your day!
Can you check my events calendar for the 3rd of this month?
You have a General Practitioner appointment with Kelly A. Welsh, M.D. at 12:30 pm.
Anything else?
You also have a Geto Boys concert scheduled for 7 pm.
Okay. When am I available?
You are available from 8 am to 12:30 pm.
That sounds good.
Do you need anything else?
No. Thank you.
Your welcome. Have a nice day.
I want do double check my events for next Thursday.
You have 2 events scheduled that day, one of them is a Dentist appointment with Dr. Susana M. Chou, starting at 10 am.
Any other events?
You also have a Restaurant reservation at Begoni Bistro at 1 pm.
Thanks, show me when I have free time.
You have 3 empty slots in your calender from 8 am to 10 am.
Great thanks!
Anything else you need?
Nope, thank you so much!
Have a great day!
I'm trying to schedule an appointment, can you check the events on my calendar?
Which dates would you like me to check?
Check on the 6th of March.
You have 2 events scheduled. You have an Apartment viewing at 11 am.
How about the 9th of this month?
You have an Apartment viewing at Mission Pointe By Windsor at 12 pm.
Is that the only event scheduled?
You also have a Dentist appointment at 2 pm.
Okay, when am I available to schedule an appointment?
You are free from 8 am to 12 pm.
Am I free any other time?
You're also free from 12:30 pm to 2 pm.
Alright that works, thanks for your help.
No problem, have a good day.
Do I have anything in my calendar for March 12th?
You have 2 events scheduled on that day. One of them is an Apartment viewing at 5:30 pm.
Sounds good. What times am I available on that day?
You have 3 empty slots on your calendar. One of them is from 8 am to 4 pm.
Sounds good.
Do you need anything else?
No, that's all.
Have a good day.
Can you please check my calendar events for March 7th?
Sure. You have an Apartment viewing at 12:30 pm.
Anything else scheduled for Wednesday next week?
At 2:30 pm you have your General Practitioner appointment with Dr. Leland M. Luna, MD.
OK, got it. Please tell me when I'm available.
At the moment you have 3 empty slots in you calendar, one starting from 8 am to 2:30 pm.
Any other available time?
Yes, another empty slot from 3:30 pm to 5 pm.
OK, got it.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all.
Have a good one!
Please tell me about the events on my calendar.
For which dates would you like the events?
Please tell me what events are on next Wednesday.
There are a total of 2 events. At 5:30 pm, there is a General Practitioner appointment.
Please tell me what events are scheduled for March 9th.
There are a total of 3 events. At 6 pm, there is an Apartment viewing at Siena Pointe Apartments.
Thank you. Please tell me when I am free.
You have free time between 8 am and 10:30 am.
Thank you, that's all.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Hello, I want to check the events occurring on the date of the 11th of March on my calendar.
You have an Appointment at Stem Salon and it starts at 3 pm.
Do I have any other events scheduled that day?
You also have a Dentist appointment with Dr. Minh B. Nguyen that starts at 4:30 pm.
Do I have any other items scheduled on the 1st of March?
You have 3 events on your calendar for that day. You have an Apartment viewing that starts at 12 pm.
Sounds good. Please let me know when I am available.
You have an empty time slot from 8 am to 10 am.
Sounds good, thank you. That is all I need.
Thank you, have a good day.
Can you check my calendar for events?
Sure, what date?
I am checking for the 7th
There is an Apartment viewing at Crestview Apartments at 1 pm
Do I have any other events this Sunday?
There is a baseball game at 6 pm
Sounds good, when am I available?
You have 3 open slots. One is from 8 am to 2:30 pm
Any other times I'm available?
Yes, from 3:30 pm to 6 pm
Great, that's all, thanks
Have an awesome day
I would like to see the events on my calendar and more specifically for the 8th of this month.
There are 3 events which I see to have been scheduled on the calendar. You have arranged an Appointment with Renew Dental Implant Specialists and the appointment is going to start at 4 pm.
Are there other events which I have scheduled for the 1st of this month?
There are 2 other events scheduled on the calendar. You have arranged the Apartment viewing at Lakeshore Apartments which will start at 12 pm.
Seems great. Tell me when I will be available.
I can see that 3 slots are empty on your calendar. One of the slots is from 8 am to 12 pm.
Seems great.
What else can I help you with?
Nothing. I appreciate your help.
Have a good time.
Shelly, check upcoming events on my calendar.
For what dates, please?
Check events for next Wednesday.
You have an appointment with Wafelbakker Anderson Orthodontics at 1:30 pm.
Shelly, are any other events scheduled for that day?
Yes, lunch at Marketbar at 5 pm.
What events are scheduled for the 12th of March.
You have a dentist appointment at 4:30 pm.
Shelly, show me times I'm available that day.
You have 3 empty time slots, from 8 am to 12:30 pm that day.
What are my available afternoon slots?
From 2 pm to 4:30 pm.
Thanks, Shelly.
May I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I needed to know.
Have a great day.
Which events are on my calendar Monday next week?
There are 3 events one of which is a Dermatologist appointment at 12 pm.
What else is on my schedule the 3rd?
There are 2 events. You have an Apartment viewing at 10 am.
When am I available, please.
From 8 am to 10 am there are 2 empty slots.
Is there any other free time?
11:30 am to 12 pm is also free.
Thanks.
Do you need anything else?
No.
Have a great day.
Hey, I'd like to see what I'm doing on March 5th. Can you check my calendar?
Sure. On March 5th you're going to the Girl In Red concert at 5 pm.
Oh great, thanks. When am I available that day?
You're available from 8 am to 11 am.
Fantastic. That's all.
Okay, see you.
I'd like to check on some events in my calendar.
Do you have a specific date in mind?
It is the 8th of March.
You currently have 3 scheduled events, one of them is Apartment viewing, starting at 5 pm.
Thanks! I'd like to see when I have time available.
You're free from 8 am to 4 pm.
That sounds great!
Is there something else I can help you with?
Nope, thanks for your help!
Have a great day!
I need to know the events on my calendar.
Which days events would you like to know?
I need to know the events on the 1st of March.
At 2:30 pm you have a General Practitioner appointment.
Great, when am I free?
You are free from 8 am to 2:30 pm.
Perfect, thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with.
That is all I need, thank you.
Enjoy your day.
I want to check what events are coming up on my calendar.
Which date on your calendar are looking to check?
Next Wednesday.
There are 3 events scheduled on your calendar. You also have a Movie booking for Pet Sematary that is going to begin at 9:30 pm.
Great. Tell me when I am available.
You have 4 empty slots in your calendar from 8 am to 10:30 am.
Are there any other available times?
There is also an empty slot from 11 am to 5 pm.
Are there any other available times?
There is also an empty slot from 7 pm to 9:30 pm.
Great. That is all I needed to know.
Have a great rest of your day!
What do I have for events on my calendar for the 7th of March?
There is 2 events scheduled. A Baseball game that starts at 7:30 pm.
Do I have any other events scheduled on March 10th?
Yes you have a 10 am Dentist appointment.
Any other events Scheduled?
A General Practitioner Appointment at 5 pm.
Thanks. Tell me when I am available.
You have a total of 4 empty slots. One being from 8 am to 10 am.
Any other times?
Yes from 11 am to 11:30 am.
Thanks. I am all set.
Have a nice day.
I want to see events on my calendar later today.
There is a Dentist appointment with Park Victoria Dental at 10 am.
Perfect. Let me know when I'm available.
You have 3 empty slots from 8 am to 10 am.
Is there any other available time.
There are empty slots from 11 am to 6 pm.
Perfect.
Is there anything else you need?
No. Thanks.
Have a good one!
I would like to check any events on my calendar, please.
No problem. Which date would you like to know about?
I'd like to know what is on the 6th of this month, please.
Sure. You have a dentist appointment that is scheduled for 3:30 pm.
Ok, great. Can you tell me when I'm available?
You currently have 3 open spots on your calendar. One slot is available from 8 am to 2 pm.
Thank you, that sounds great. That is all I need to know.
You are welcome. Have a great day!
I'd like to check my calendar.
Okay, what day?
Do I have anything on the 5th?
You have a Dentist appointment at 10:30 am on the 5th.
Got it. Do I have anything on the 14th of this month?
Yes, you have 2 events on the 14th. The first is an Appointment with Dr. Julie M. Savant at 5 pm.
Okay, what else do I have?
You also have a Hairdresser appointment at 11 am.
That sounds good.
Is there something else I can help you with?
When am I available on that day?
I found 3 empty slots on your calendar for the 14th. You don't have anything between 8 am and 11 am.
That works, thank you. I don't need anything else.
Sure thing, have a nice day!
I would like to check if I have any events on my calendar next Monday.
I was able to pull up 2 events you have going on. One of those events is an Apartment viewing at 3 pm.
Alright. Is there anything I have going on next Tuesday?
Looks like you have 3 events going on that day. One of which is an Appointment at Fremont Barber Shop at 6:30 pm.
Anything else going on?
Yes, there as an Appointment with Arts Of Dentistry at 1:30 pm.
Okay, sounds like a plan. What time blocks do I have nothing going on?
Looks like you've got 3 time slots open on the calendar. One of which is from 8 am to 1:30 pm.
Great, thank you. That should do it for now.
Perfect. Take care.
I want to see what events are on my calendar.
For which date?
I want to see March 11th.
There are 3 events on that date. You have an Appointment with Marenda Ronald E at 11 am.
Are there other events?
There is also a Movie show at 10 pm.
What are the other events for the 12th of March.
There is a Reservation at McDonald's at 11:30 am.
Perfect. Tell me when I'm available.
You have 3 empty slots on your calendar from 8 am to 10 am.
Thanks. That's all.
Have a good one!
Hey, I'd like you to check my calendar. What am I doing on the 11th?
You're going to the Lyfe Jennings concert at 7 pm on the 11th.
Thanks. Am I doing anything on March 4th?
You're going to an apartment viewing at Hopper Lane Apartments at 10 am.
Okay thanks. When am I available on the 4th?
You'll be free from 8 am to 10 am.
Any other available times?
You're also available from 10:30 am to 5 pm.
Is there anything else?
Yes, you're free from 7 pm to 9:30 pm.
Sounds great.
Is there anything else?
No thanks. That's all.
Okay, see you.
I am very busy in my day-to-day work. Will you please check whether any events on my calendar?
In which date i need to check for the events in your calendar?
I prefer 6th of this month.
There are 2 events scheduled on that date . One is Dentist appointment which is going to start at 5 pm.
whether any other events scheduled in any other date i meant 8th of March?
Yes you have 2 events scheduled on the calendar. The event is going to start at 2:30 pm and the appointment with Donna M Cotner.
well that's great to hear from you. Please find any empty slots available this month.
well, there are 3 empty slots on your calendar and time of empty slots from 8 am to 12 pm.
whether i have any other available time other than 8 am to 12 pm?
Yes you have an empty slot from 1 pm to 2:30 pm.
That's great and now i am aware of all my events and my available time. Thanks.
Take care and have a good day.
I want to check the events on my calendar for the 2nd.
You have a Celine Dion concert starting at 7 pm.
Do I have any other events scheduled on the day after tomorrow?
You have Apartment viewing scheduled at 12 pm.
Do I have other events scheduled?
You have a Dentist appointment with Dr. Sethi And Dr. Virdi at 10 am.
Sounds good. Please show me when I am available.
You have an empty slot from 8 am to 10 am.
Do I have any other available time?
You have an empty slot from 11 am to 12 pm.
Sounds good.
May I help you with anything else?
No. Thank you for your help.
Have a good day.
What events do I have on the 13th?
You have the Lights concert at 6:30 pm.
Great, when am I available?
There are 2 empty slots in your calendar from 8 am to 6:30 pm.
Is there any other times?
You are free from 8:30 pm to 10:30 pm.
Great, that's all.
Have a great day.
I want to check my calender for events. The date I want to look into is the 12th of March.
You have Lights concert happening at 5:30 pm that day.
Are there any other events scheduled for me? What about the 13th?
Yes, you have 2 events scheduled on that day as well. You have Movie show which starts at 10:30 pm.
Okay, sounds good! What days are available?
There's 2 empty slots on the calender. You have an empty one from 8 am to 11 am, from what I can see here.
Alrighty, perfect. That's all I need to know.
You're welcome, have a nice day!
What events are on my calendar for the 14th of this month?
At 7:30 pm you have the Bastille concert.
Great!
Is there anything else you need?
When does my calendar show I am free?
You have nothing scheduled between 8 am and 5:30 pm.
Do I have any other free time?
Yes, you are free from 6:30 pm to 7:30 pm.
Perfect.
Do you need any other help?
That is all, thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
Can you help me check which events are on my calendar?
Is there a specific date you would like me to research?
1st of March, please.
There are 3 events scheduled on your calendar. For March 1st, you have an Appointment with Ocean Dental Lab at 3 pm.
That sounds good.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you show me my availability?
You currently have an empty slot from 8 am to 3 pm.
Sounds good to me.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you.
Have a good day!
I want to check my calendar events.
Which date do you want to check?
Check the 7th of this month.
You have 2 events scheduled on the calendar. The first event is the Apartment viewing at Deer Park Apartments which begins at 4 pm.
Do I have other events scheduled on the 9th of March?
You have Apartment viewing which starts at 1:30 pm.
Sounds good. Show me when I am available.
There are 4 empty slots on your calendar. You have a empty slot from 8 am to 1:30 pm.
Sounds good. That is all I need.
Have a good day.
What's on my calendar?
About which date would you like to know?
Monday next week.
You have a Restaurant reservation at Divino Ristorante at 5 pm.
Are there any other events for that day?
No, you don't have any other events scheduled for Monday. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What's on my schedule for the 14th of this month?
You have a Beyond The Black concert at 5:30 pm.
That's good. Tell me when I'm available.
You're available from 8 am to 5:30 pm.
Thank you. That's all for now.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I want to check my calendar for events on the 9th of this month.
Ok, you have Apartment viewing starting at 3 pm.
Do I have anything else on the 8th of March.
You have Apartment viewing at Villa Monterey starting at 11:30 am.
Any other events scheduled?
Yes. There is a Reservation for 5 people at Sicilia In Bocca starting at 7 pm
Ok, sounds good.
Anything else I can help with?
When am I available?
You are available from 8 am to 11:30 am.
Is there any other time available?
Yes, you are available from 12 pm to 7 pm.
Ok sounds good.
Anything else I can help with?
No, thank you so much.
Of course. Have a great day.
I want to check my schedule for March 13th.
You have a soccer game at BC Place at 6:30 pm.
Are there any other scheduled events?
No, there are no other schedules events for this day. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you check my schedule for the 12th?
You have a hairdresser appointment at 12:30 pm.
Sounds good. Can you show me my available times?
You have 4 available time slots. One is from 8 am to 12:30 pm.
Are there other available times?
You have an available time slot from 1 pm to 5 pm.
Are there other available times?
You have an available time slot from 5:30 pm to 6 pm.
Thanks, that's all I needed.
Have a great day.
Please help me check the event o nmy calendar.
On what date do you want me to check?
Please check the date next Friday.
You have a schedule basketball game at 6 pm that day.
How about this Sunday, do I have an appointment on that day?
You do have 3 appointments on that day, one is Apartment viewing that will start at 3 pm.
Do I have other schedule?
You have an Appointment with Dr. Maria J. Moore at 10 am.
Okay, thanks!
Do you need help with anything else?
When will I be available?
Actually there are 4 more empty slots on your calendar from 8 am to 10 am.
How about other time?
You also have empty slots from 11 am to 3 pm.
Okay, thank you!
Do you need further assistance?
No, thank you.
Have a great day.
Can you check my schedule and see when I have an opening?
Certainly. Which date would you like me to check?
I'd like to look at the 12th of March.
You have nothing scheduled during the block of time starting at 8 am and ending at 11 am on the morning of March 12th.
Can you check the 13th as well?
On March 13th, your schedule shows an open period of time between 12:30 pm and 2 pm.
That's great. Thanks.
Did you need to add an event to the calendar?
Yes, Can you please add the Chris Webby concert? The event is being held at 2367 Shattuck Avenue.
What time does it begin?
It starts at half past 12 in the afternoon.
Let me review the details. You'd like me to schedule in the Chris Webby concert on March 13th at 12:30 pm. I will make a note that the event will be held at 2367 Shattuck Avenue.
Yes, that's perfect.
Your calendar has been updated.
Thank you so much for the assistance.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Not at the moment. Thank you again.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day.
Can you please check my calendar and tell me when am I available?
Sure. For which date?
Please check for Monday next week.
Checking for next Monday. You are free from 8 am to 11 am.
Any other empty time slot for the 9th of this month?
On March 9th you are free from 8 am to 6 pm.
OK. I'd like to add an event.
At what time is the event?
The event is Dentist appointment at 9:30 in the morning.
Can you please tell me the event location?
Sure. It's 17705 Hale Avenue.
Please confirm that you'd like me to add the event Dentist appointment on March 9th at 9:30 am, with the location 17705 Hale Avenue.
Yes, that's correct.
I've added the event.
Thanks a lot for everything, that will be all.
Have a good one!
When am I available?
On what day?
The day is next Thursday
Next Thursday you've an empty slot from 10:30 am until midnight
Ok, It's good. Add an event, please
What is the name of the event? Where does it take place? What time is the event?
Baseball game, at 1 East 161 Street in the afternoon 12
Baseball game, next Thursday at 12 pm, in 1 East 161 Street: do you confirm?
Yes, I confirm.
The event has been created
Thank you so much
Can I do anything else for you?
No, thanks, It's all
Have a great day
I finally have time to do some more planning for my trip. I'm absolutely determined to get my calendar updated today. Would you spend a few minutes with me now, please, so I can know what time I have available on March 13th?
Absolutely. I can help you with that now. Looking at your calendar for available time on March 13th, I show 7 pm to 10:30 pm as open.
What time slot do you show that's available on the 8th of this month?
Your calendar shows the time range 8:30 pm to midnight available on next Friday.
Cool. That's what I need.
Would you like me to fill in that time range on your calendar?
Yes, please. Let's fill in that time range?
What would you like to label the event for that time range?
Let's add the label Leave for airport to that time range.
Got it. Do you want to specify a location or particular time for the event?
Yes, thanks for the reminder. Mark the location as SFO International Airport with the time being a quarter to 10 in the night.
Your calendar is being updated to show the label Leave for airport on next Friday, going to SFO International Airport for 9:45 pm. Shall I confirm that for you?
Yes, please confirm, and we're all set.
Confirmed. The label has been added to update your calendar.
Sweet. I'm much obliged, my dear.
Would you like any other assistance?
Nope, thank you and cheers.
My pleasure. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Show me my free time?
What date would you like to see?
March 10th would be good.
You are free from 8 am till 4 pm on March 10th.
How about on the 9th?
You are free from 2 pm till 3:30 pm on March 9th.
Thanks.
Is there anything else I can help with?
I need to add an event?
What time is the event?
It starts at 2:15 pm.
WHere will the even take place and what would you like to name it?
Title it Restaurant reservation for 6 at Royal Rangoon Restaurant. It is located at 2826 Telegraph Avenue.
Adding an event Restaurant reservation for 6 at Royal Rangoon Restaurant starting at 2:15 pm on March 9th located at 2826 Telegraph Avenue. is that correct?
Yes that sounds great.
The event has been added to your Calendar.
Thanks.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that will be all.
Have a great day.
I have to schedule an appointment on the 10th of this month. Can you show me my availability on that date?
You are available from 8 am to 5 pm on the 10th of this month.
Are there any other times I'm available?
You are available from 6:30 pm to 7:30 pm.
Thank you.
Would you like to add an event that day?
Yes, please add an event to my calendar.
What name should I use for the event? Where is the event and what time is it at?
The event is at 877 West Fremont Avenue Ste J2. It starts at 11 am. Put Appointment with Orthoworks Invisalign And Orthodontic Group for the title.
Please confirm the deatils: Event name is Appointment with Orthoworks Invisalign And Orthodontic Group. It is schedule for March 10th and 877 West Fremont Avenue Ste J2. The event is at 11 am.
Yes, that's good.
The event was successfully added to your calendar.
Thank you, that's all I need.
You're welcome, have a good day.
What is my availability on March 4th?
Next Monday, your are available from 8 am until 5 pm.
When am I available on March 8th?
Next Friday, you are available from 1:30 pm until 2:30 pm.
Ok. That's perfect.
Do you need to add an event?
Yes. Please create an event titled Baseball game at 14:00.
What is the event location?
The location is 401 East Jefferson Street.
Please confirm you want me to create an event titled Baseball game for next Friday at 401 East Jefferson Street at 2 pm.
Yep. That's right.
Your event has been successfully added.
Thanks for your help.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. Thanks. That's it.
Ok. Have a great day.
When am I free on the 13th of this month?
On March 13th, you have a free slot from 8 am to 11 am.
Great
Would you like to schedule something?
Yes, add an event to my calendar
Of course. Can I get the name, time, and location for the event?
It's Soccer Game: Whitecaps vs Kansas City at 777 Pacific Boulevard. It starts at 09:00.
Please confirm your new event event: Soccer Game: Whitecaps vs Kansas City at 777 Pacific Boulevard, 9 am on March 13th
Yes that's right
Added to your calendar
Thanks so much
Anything else I can help with?
Nope I'm good
Always here for you
Can you tell me when my schedule is free for the day on the 11th?
I can see that according to your schedule for March 11th you are free from 8 am to 4:30 pm.
Do I have other hours when I will be free for the March 14th?
From what I can see for March 14th you are going to have free time from 1 pm to 7:30 pm.
That seems nice.
Do you want to add some special event to your schedule?
Actually yes! I am planning to do something and I would like to add it in my schedule.
Can you tell me the location of the event you want to do and at what time will it happen? Do you have a specific name which you want to use for the event?
I will be going for a meal out so make a Reservation at Lulu's Kitchen as a title for the event. The restaurant is located at 1657 Willow Pass Road and the time that it will happen is one pm.
Can you please confirm that the name of the event you want to add to your schedule is Reservation at Lulu's Kitchen on March 14th. The event is scheduled to happen on 1657 Willow Pass Road address, and the time when it will happen is 1 pm.
That seems great.
Your event has been successfully added to your schedule.
I appreciate your help.
Is there something else I can help you with?
Nothing. I am thankful for the help you gave me.
Have a good time!
Can you show my availability on March 6th?
Event date is next Wednesday and your available time is from 5 pm to 6 pm.
Please check my availability on March 10th.
Your have an empty slot from 8 am to 6 pm on March 10th.
That is fine. Mark this event in my calendar for my reference.
Can you tell me the time and place of that event, so that I can mark and also let me know, by which name, do I note the event in your Calendar?
Make a note of that event in the name Appointment with Koppe Michael J and the time is 9 am at 5 Bon Air Rd # 114.
Please confirm to make a note of a event name Appointment with Koppe Michael J scheduled on March 10th at 9 am in 5 Bon Air Rd # 114.
Yes, that will be perfect.
The event was successfully noted in your calendar for your reference.
Thanks a lot.
Any more help you want me to do?
No, that's enough, thanks.
Have a great day.
I'd like to see my availability.
For which date do you want to check your availability?
I'm interested in the 5th of March.
You are free between 9:30 pm and 11 pm on next Tuesday.
Do I have any availability on March 10th?
You are free from 1:30 pm to 10:30 pm on March 10th.
Okay. I want to add an event to my calendar.
What event is it and where is it happening?
It is a Dentist appointment with Wirebenders at 2075 Lincoln Avenue # A.
At what time is the event?
It is scheduled at quarter past 2 in the afternoon.
Shall I add a Dentist appointment with Wirebenders at 2:15 pm on March 10th scheduled to be held at 2075 Lincoln Avenue # A?
Yes. Please go ahead.
Event has been added to your calendar.
Thank you for the assistance. That's all I need for now.
Have a great day!
Tell me when I'm available.
Which date would you like to know?
The 6th.
The date for the event is next Wednesday and you have an empty slot beginning at 4:30 pm and ending at 7:30 pm.
Are there any other available slots on the 14th of this month?
The date for the event is March 14th and you have a slot starting at 5 pm and ending at 5:30 pm.
That sounds good.
Would you like to add an event to your calendar?
Yes I would like to add an event.
Where is the event happening and what should I call it?
Use Table for 2 at Mcdonald's as the title. The location is 23989 Watkins Street.
What time is the event?
The event time is evening 5:15.
Please confirm the following: the event name is Table for 2 at Mcdonald's and it is scheduled for March 14th at 5:15 pm. The location is 23989 Watkins Street.
Yes that works.
I have added the event to your calendar.
Thank you for the help.
Can I be of further help?
No, thank you.
Have a nice day.
I'd like to see when I'm available on the 1st of March.
That date is today. You have an empty space in your diary from 8 am until 10:30 am.
Do I have any other space available on the 10th of March?
You have an empty slot on March 10th between 9:30 pm and midnight.
That's great. Can you add an event at the Community gym into my calendar
What time does the event start?
It starts at 9:45 in the night.
What title would you like for the event.
Can you call the event Gym.
Just so I've got this right, you would like to schedule an event starting at 9:45 pm at the Community gym on March 10th. The name for this event is Gym.
Yes that sounds great.
This event has been successfully created and added to your calendar.
Thanks.
Do you need help with anything else?
No thanks.
Enjoy your day.
What's my schedule like on March 7th? Any free time?
Yeah, next Thursday you got nothing penciled in from 3:30 pm to 5 pm.
Wasting away in Margaritaville.
Do you want me to schedule something in?
Yeah. There's something going on at 2905 Grove Way.
What the name of this shindig? What time does it start?
Pencil in a Table for 2 at Mcdonald's for 15:45.
Next Thursday at 3:45 pm, you want a Table for 2 at Mcdonald's at 2905 Grove Way on your schedule. Is that right.
You got it.
Done. Added to your calendar.
Good job. I'm chill for now.
Enjoy yourself then.
Can you check out my calendar and find me a time when I am available?
On which date would you like to find an availability?
On the 4th of March please.
The 4th of March is next Monday. On this date you have a free time period from 8 am to 5 pm.
Okay great, that's what I thought. Add an event to my calendar for that day.
What time is the event, and where will it be happening?
The event will take place at 2891 University Avenue in the morning 8:15.
What should I title the event as?
Title it as The Hives Concert.
Please confirm the following: The Hives Concert at 2891 University Avenue on next Monday starting at 8:15 am.
Confirm that.
The event has successfully been added to your calendar.
Great, thanks for your help bud.
You're most welcome.
I would like to know when I am available next Wednesday
Next Wednesday you have an empty slot from 1 pm until 2 pm
Ok, then add an event
What is the name of the event, and what time is it?
Hairdresser appointment at half past 1 in the afternoon
What is the address of the event?
1053 Cochrane Road Suite 140
Hairdresser appointment next Wednesday at 1:30 pm, in 1053 Cochrane Road Suite 140: do you confirm?
Yes I confirm, perfect!
The event has been created in your calendar
Thank you so much!
Need more help?
No, thanks, it's all
Have a nice day
Hello, could you show me what time am I available on the 6th of March?
You are available next Wednesday from 12:30 pm, all the way through midnight.
I see, how about my available timing this Saturday?
You are free tomorrow from 4:30 pm to 5 pm.
That sounds great.
Would you like me to add an event to your calendar?
Sure! Please add an event titled Restaurant reservation for 4 at Ristorante Fratello which is located at 1712 Meridian Avenue.
May I know what time would the event commence?
Yes, it will start at quarter to 5 in the evening.
Please confirm the event scheduled tomorrow at 4:45 pm titled Restaurant reservation for 4 at Ristorante Fratello, which will be held at 1712 Meridian Avenue.
That's perfect.
I have added thee event to your calendar.
Thank you for your kind assistance.
Do you require any further help?
No, that's all I need. Thank you!
Sure, have a great day ahead.
I am hoping to go view an apartment on the 11th of March. Do I have any available times that day?
Yes, on March 11th you are free from 8 am until 6 pm.
Ok, that sounds great!
I can add the event to your calendar if you would like.
Sure, could you please add it for 9:30 am?
Yes, what would you like to use for the title of the event and do you have a location you would like me to add?
Oh, sorry, please title it Apartment viewing and the location is 4875 Clayton Road.
Alright, I will add the event Apartment viewing at 9:30 am on March 11th at 4875 Clayton Road. Is that correct?
Yes, that is correct.
Alright, the event has been added to your calendar. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I need right now. Thanks so much for all of your help.
It was my pleasure, enjoy the rest of the day.
On March 9th show me please when I will be available.
You have on March 9th an empty slot that start at 8 am and ends at 6 pm.
In the 6th I have any other available time?
You have next Wednesday an empty slot that start at 2 pm and ends at 10:30 pm.
Please add an event on my calendar with tile Appointment with Dr. Azadeh Jafarnia at 2:30 in the afternoon.
The event where is happening?
At location 301 Sycamore Valley Road.
Event name is Appointment with Dr. Azadeh Jafarnia and sheduled date in on next Wednesday at location 301 Sycamore Valley Road.The scheduled will be at 2:30 pm
Sounds pefect for me.
Event was successfully added.
Thanks for your help.
Can I still help you now?
No.Thank you very much.
Have a great day!
I want to know what time I have available.
Which day do you want to look at?
The 9th of this month is what I'm curious about.
For March 9th, you have empty slots starting from 11 pm to midnight.
Do I have any other open slots, particularly for Saturday this week?
For tomorrow, you have empty slots from 8 am to 4 pm.
Alright. That sounds great.
Is there anything else you need?
Sure. Please add an event to my calendar.
Okay. When is the event and what should I name it?
Please put a Property viewing in the morning 8:30.
Where does this event happen?
It's located at 1375 Montecito Avenue.
Let me make sure. You want to add a Property viewing event for tomorrow at 8:30 am that takes place at 1375 Montecito Avenue.
Yeah. That is correct.
Okay, I've added it to your calendar.
Thanks for the help!
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope. That's it. Thank you.
Have a great day.
Can you search for my available timing?
When do you want me to search in?
Show me my free timings on March 10th.
You have an empty slot from 8 am to 5 pm on March 10th.
Can you look for any other empty slot on 9th of March?
You have an empty slot from 11:30 am to 1 pm on March 9th.
That sounds good to me. Add one event to my calendar.
Can you give me the details of the event like name, timing and place?
The name of the event is Buddy Guy concert which will be occur at 235 West 46th Street at 12 in the afternoon.
Please confirm the details: You want me to add an event with name as Buddy Guy concert happening on March 9th at 235 West 46th Street at 12 pm to your calendar.
Yes, That is correct.
Your event is successfully added to your calendar.
Okay. Thank you very much.
Do you need my help with anything else?
No. That will be all. Thank you.
I am glad I could help. Have a great day.
When am I free on March 5th?
Next Tuesday, you're free from 2:30 pm to midnight.
Ok. When am I free on the 8th?
Next Friday, you have an empty slot from 6:30 pm to midnight.
Ok good.
Would you like to book something?
Yes. Add to my calendar an event at 261 Driggs Avenue, Brooklyn.
All right. What name should I use? What time?
It's Amber Run Brooklyn concert at 19:00.
Please confirm: adding Amber Run Brooklyn concert for next Friday at 7 pm. The address is 261 Driggs Avenue, Brooklyn
Yes that's right
I've added that to your calendar
Thanks so much.
Anything else you need?
Nah. Thanks.
Always here for you.
Please show me when I have available time slots.
Which date would you like me to search through?
The 4th of this month is the date I want you to check.
There is an event next Monday that you have planned. You have an empty time slot that goes from 7:30 pm to midnight.
What about March 2nd? Do I have any available time then?
There is an event scheduled for tomorrow. You have space of free time that ranges from 8 am to 1:30 pm.
Okay that sounds fine. Now, can you please add an event to my calendar?
Where is the event taking place and at what time?
The event will take place at 600 Wilbur Avenue at nine am.
What would you like to name this event?
List this event under the title Property viewing please.
The event, Property viewing, is scheduled for tomorrow at 600 Wilbur Avenue at 9 am.
Yes. that sounds correct.
I have successfully added the event to your calendar.
I appreciate the help. That's all I need for right now.
Thank you. Have a wonderful day.
When do I have open availability?
Which day shall I look at?
5th of March, please
Next tuesday there's room at 9 pm until 9:30 pm
Hmmm, what about the 13th?
On March 13th you have 8 am to 6:30 pm open.
Ok, can you please book a dentist appointment.
Sure, where's this event and what time?
24307 Southland Drive and it's at 8:30 am
Please confirm the following event: An 8:30 am dentist appointment on March 13th located at 24307 Southland Drive
Yes, perfect
This event is confirmed in your calendar
Great, thanks.
Will that be all?
Nope, thanks.
Have a wonderful day
Can you tell me when I am going to be available?
Do you have a particular date in mind?
Show me if I am available on Thursday next week.
For next Thursday, you have empty slot that starts at 12:30 pm and ends at 6:30 pm.
Sounds good, thank you.
Do you want to add an event for next Thursday to your calendar?
Yes, please add an event to my calendar at quarter past 1 in the afternoon.
How should I name the event?
Name the event Movie at Contra Costa Stadium Cinemas, located at 555 Center Avenue.
The event is Movie at Contra Costa Stadium Cinemas at 555 Center Avenue, which is scheduled for next Thursday at 1:15 pm correct?
That all sounds correct.
Your event was successfully added to your calendar.
That will be all, thanks for your help.
Your welcome, have a good day.
Hey, can you show me when I'm free?
In what date?
The 12th of March.
You're free from 8 am to 4 pm.
Good to know.
Would you like to add an event on your calendar on that time?
Yes, I would.
What is the event? Where will it be?
It's a General Practitioner appointment with John Toth, D.O. at 401 Gregory Ln # 248.
What time will it be?
At 2:30 in the afternoon.
Can you confirm the details? You have a General Practitioner appointment with John Toth, D.O. at 401 Gregory Ln # 248. The date is March 12th and the time is 2:30 pm.
Yes, this is it.
I successfully added it to your calendar.
Thanks for the help.
Can I assist you in anything else?
No, that's all.
Have a great day.
Hey, when am I available?
For which date would you like to know?
March 11th.
You have an empty slot from 8:30 pm to 10:30 pm on March 11th.
Great. Add a new event to my calendar.
For what time? What is the event and what should I name it?
Gym. It's at night 9:30 in the Community Gym.
Please confirm: you want to schedule Gym for March 11th at 9:30 pm in the Community Gym. Is that correct?
Yes, that's it.
Successfully added it to your calendar.
Thanks for the help.
Can I assist you in anything else?
No, that's all.
Have a great day.
When am i free?
Please specify the date?
12th of March
ok, for March 12th you are free at 7:30 pm to midnight.
That is good
Do you want me to add any event to your calendar?
Yes, please.
Please provide the details: time, location and the name for the event.
Sure, the event starts at eight in the night and is located at 1500 South capitol street southeast. put it by the name Baseball game: Nationals Vs Reds.
Sure, please confirm: Event named Baseball game: Nationals Vs Reds for March 12th located at 1500 South capitol street southeast starting at 8 pm
yes that right
ok, added to your calendar
Thanks for the help
Any thing else?
No, thats it
Have a great day!
Can you tell me when I am available?
What date are you wanting to know about?
The 9th of March.
On the event date of March 9th you have an empty slot starting at 9:30 pm and ending at midnight.
Do I have another available time on the 10th of March?
On March 10th you have an empty slot starting at 12:30 pm and ending at 7:30 pm.
That sounds good.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Add an event to my calendar.
What type of event and what is the event name?
The event name is Toto concert and it is at 858 North Broad Street.
What is the time of event?
The time is afternoon 12:45.
The event name is Toto concert scheduled for March 10th at 12:45 pm and the location is 858 North Broad Street.. Is that correct?
Yes, that is correct.
The event was successfully added.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all. Thank you.
My pleasure. Have a great day.
When am I available on next Wednesday?
You are available from 4:30 pm to midnight on next Wednesday.
Can you look for any empty slot on 9th of March?
You are available from 8 am to 1 pm on March 9th.
Okay, That sounds great to me.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Can you add an event to my calendar?
What should I put as the name, address and time for the event?
Put the name as Movie booking for long shot which will be at quarter to 10 in the morning at 2508.
Please confirm the details: You want to add an event with the name as Movie booking for long shot and the schedule timing as 9:45 am on March 9th and address as 2508.
Yeah, That sounds great to me.
Your event has been successfully added to your calendar.
Okay. Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. That will be all. Thank you.
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day.
Can you help with my schedule, openness?
What date should I check?
Look on the 12th.
You have an open slot at 8 pm on March 12th. That time of openness ends at 10:30 pm.
Are there any other available times on the 2nd of March?
Tomorrow you have an opening at 3 pm. lasting until 4 pm.
Great. Add something for me will you?
What time and where will it be?
3:15 in the afternoon at 5 Bon Air Rd # 114
Which name do you want listed for this?
Place Appointment with Koppe Michael J.
Ok, this is what I have for you: Appointment with Koppe Michael J. at 3:15 pm @ 5 Bon Air Rd # 114 tomorrow.
That's great thank you.
Ok, it's on the books.
great thanks.
Can I help with any other activity scheduling?
No, I'm good thanks.
Thanks a lot.
Can I see when I'm available on the 10th of March?
You have empty slots starting from 8 am to 5 pm on March 10th.
Is there any other time available? What about March 7th?
Next Thursday, you have an empty slot starting at 1 pm and ending 9:30 pm.
Okay. Can you add an event on my calendar?
What is the event and when and where is it happening?
It's happening at 2901 East Hastings Street at 2:15 pm.
What should I call it?
Please name it as Billy Idol concert on my calendar.
Just to confirm; you want to add the Billy Idol concert next Thursday at 2901 East Hastings Street at 2:15 pm to your calendar?
Yes, that sounds perfect.
Okay, I've added it to your calendar.
Thanks for all the help.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope, that's it. Thanks.
Okay. Bye! Have a great day.
When am I available on March 5th.
The date is next Tuesday. You are free between 8 am and 3:30 pm.
What other free time do I have on the 8th of this month?
You are available next Friday between 2:30 pm and 5 pm.
Great.
Do you want to add a calendar event?
Yes I'd like to add an event to my calendar.
What would you like to call this event? What is the time and location?
The event address is 50 South San Mateo Drive and the time is afternoon 3. The title is General Practitioner appointment.
Ok so just to check this is correct: You would like to create an event called General Practitioner Appointment next Friday at 3 pm. The address is 50 South San Mateo Drive.
That's correct.
The event has been successfully created in your calendar.
Thanks.
Would you like help with anything else?
No that's all for now thanks.
Enjoy your day.
Hey. Can you show me when I am available?
In which date?
March 8th, please.
There are 4 empty slots for that day. One of them is between 8 am and 10 am.
Do I have any free time on March 11th?
You have 2 empty slots on March 11th. One of them is between 4:30 pm to 5:30 pm.
Any other time available?
There is another between 8:30 pm and 10 pm.
Sounds good. Create a new event on my calendar.
Great. What's the event?
The location is 4175, 42151 Blacow Road.
In what time? What should I name the event?
At afternoon 3, please. It's a Hairdresser appointment.
Can you confirm the details? You want to set a Hairdresser appointment on March 11th. The location is 4175, 42151 Blacow Road. It is scheduled to begin at 3 pm.
Yes, that's it.
I successfully added it to your calendar.
That's all. Thanks for the help.
Have a great day.
Show me my availability
What date are you talking about?
For the 5th
You have 3 empty slots. You have an empty slot from 8 am to 10 am
Is there any other time available? Maybe on the 3rd of this month
There are 2 empty slots on that date, you have one from 2 pm to 6 pm
Anything else available?
Another slot from 9 pm to 12 pm
That sounds good
Do you want me to add something there?
Yes, add an event
What time? and where is it happening?
It's at 2 pm. A hairdresser appointment at 1880 Solano Avenue
Confirming you have a 2 pm hairdresser appointment at 1880 Solano Avenue the day after tomorrow
Yes that's correct
I've added it
That's all for now, thanks
You're welcome. Bye
What is my availability on the 14th.
On March 14th, you are available from 11 am until 5 pm.
Ok, thanks a lot.
Would you like me to add an event to your calendar?
Yes, I guess I should. Could you just add Apartment viewing.
Alright, would you like me to add a location?
Oh, yes, the apartmen is at 1015 Fitzuren Road #7.
Is there a specific time that you are viewing the apartment or should I just add a note for the day?
I think I will go at my lunch break, so please just make it for 12 pm.
Alright, I will add the event, Apartment viewing, to you calendar for 12 pm on March 14th at 1015 Fitzuren Road #7. Is that correct?
Yes, that is correct. Please add it to my calendar.
Alright, the event has successfully been added to your calendar. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all I need right now. Thanks for your help.
It was a pleasure helping you. Enjoy your day!
Can you tell me when I am available?
Sure, what dates are you checking on?
Can you check the 13th of this month?
On March 13th you are available from 8:30 pm to 10:30 pm
What about the 9th? Any times available?
On March 9th you are available from 8 am to 1 pm
Great, can you add an event?
Yes, what time does it start?
It begins at 09:45
Ok, what is the name of this event?
It is the Joe Hisaishi concert
Ok, and where is it?
It is at 881 7th Avenue
Just to confirm, you want to add the Joe Hisaishi concert on March 9th and 9:45 am to your calendar? It is at 881 7th Avenue.
Yes, that is correct
Great, I have added that event to your calendar
Ok, thank you
You're welcome, anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all
Have a wonderful day
Hi, i need a help with an event, Show me when i am available, the date is march 1st
The event is on today, Yo have an empty slot starting at 3 pm and ends at 5:30 pm
Thanks for the information, May i know any other available time? The date is the 7th
The event is on next Thursday, Yo have an empty slot starting at 1 pm and ends at 4:30 pm
That seems good for me
Would you like to add this event on your calendar?
Yes, sure, Please add this event to my calendar, Put Appointment with Quach catherine for the event title and event location is 2664 Berryessa Road # 210.
Could you tell me What is the for the event?
The event time is afternoon 2:30
Please confirm the details: The event name is Appointment with Quach Catherine and scheduled date is next Thursday and time is 2:30 pm, Event location is 2664 berryessa Road # 210.
Yes, That seems good for me
Congrats, The event successfully added to your calendar
Thank you very much for your help, That is all i need
You are welcome, Have a great day
I need you to list my available time slots.
Is there a particular day you want to know about?
Yes that would be the 9th of March.
You have a chunk of available time that starts at 10:30 am and ends at 6 pm on March 9th.
What about March 13th is there any available time on that date?
March 13th has one slot open from 7 pm to 7:30 pm.
That one will work. I want an event put on my calendar please.
For what time?
It will begin at 7 pm.
Where will it be and what should I call it?
I have to go to 1447 Cedarwood Lane # A, call it a Doctor appointment please.
You would like the following entry made on your calendar: Name of event is Doctor appointment to be held at 1447 Cedarwood Lane # A in the time slot 7 pm on March 13th. Is this the correct information?
That's perfect thank you.
The event is on your calendar.
That's great, thank for your efforts, that will be all.
May your day be filled with happiness.
Please show my availability for the 4th of March.
For next Monday, you have availability at 8 am to 12:30 pm.
How about availability on March 8th?
Next Friday you are available at 8 am to 11 am.
Please add an event.
When and where is the event and title?
Event is 8:15 am at 1722 First Street title Movie booking for HIgh Life.
Please confirm next friday 8:15 am at 1722 First Street title Movie booking for HIgh Life
I confirm that all.
Added to your calendar.
Thank you that is all.
Have a great day.
When am I available on the 11th of March?
There are 3 empty slots. 8 am to 2:30 pm is open.
Are there any other times Friday next week?
There are 2 slots. You have 3 pm to 4:30 pm available.
Are there any other available times?
5 pm to 12 pm is open
Sounds good
Would you like to add an event?
Yes please.
Where and when is the event? What name should I use for the event?
You can name it Baseball game. It will be at 1500 South Capitol Street Southeast. Time: evening 7:30.
Please confirm: The event name is Baseball game. It will be next Friday at 7:30 pm at 1500 South Capitol Street Southeast.
Yes, sounds good
The event was added to your calendar.
Thank you for your help.
Have a good day.
When am I available on the 13th?
On March 13th you are available from 4 pm to 10:30 pm.
Am I available on the 2nd of this month?
You have 1 empty slot tomorrow from 8 am until 12:30 pm.
Great. Please add an event.
What would you like to name the event and what time does it start?
The event is Dentist appointment with Mark A Watson in the morning 9:30.
Where does the event take place?
The event takes place at 2505 Samaritan Dr.
Please confirm: Dentist appointment with Mark A Watson tomorrow at 9:30 am at 2505 Samaritan Dr.
Yes, that's correct.
Your event has been added.
Thank you, that's all.
Have a great day.
Can you check my calendar for availability?
Yes, what day should I check?
Check on the 1st.
Okay, that's today. You have an empty slot from 8 am until 11:30 am.
Great, add an event to my calendar.
Can you tell me the time and place of the event, and what I should name it?
Sure, put Viewing at Fountain Plaza Apartments for the title. It's at nine in the morning at 300 Hilary Way.
Okay, please confirm that I'm scheduling you for a Viewing at Fountain Plaza Apartments at 300 Hilary Way which will take place today at 9 am.
Yes, that's right.
I've added it to your calendar.
Thanks, that's all!
Have a great day.
I want to see when I have free time.
What date are you interested in?
I want to know for the 7th of March.
You have an upcoming event next Thursday. You would be free from 8 am to 5 pm
That's awesome. Add appointment with Dr. Jaswinder Ghuman for that day.
What time would you like to make the appointment?
I want it at quarter past 8 in the morning.
Where would it be taking place?
The location is 540 North Santa Cruz Avenue Suite B1.
I would like to confirm the following information: You have an appointment with Dr. Jaswinder Ghuman next Thursday at 8:15 am at 540 North Santa Cruz Avenue Suite B1.
Yes, that would be correct.
I have made the appointment.
I appreciate your help
Do you need my assistance with anything else?
No, that would be all.
Enjoy your day.
Please show me my availability.
Which date would you like to find availability for?
Show me details for March 5th.
For next Tuesday, you have availability from 6 pm to 10:30 pm.
Thank you. Please add an event titled Reservation for 3 people at Market.
Where is the event happening?
The event will be at 1347 Main Street.
And what time is it scheduled for?
It starts at 18:15.
Please confirm that you want to add an event titled Reservation for 3 people at Market, to be held at 1347 Main Street, for next Tuesday at 6:15 pm.
That's correct.
Event has been added to your calendar.
Thank you for the assistance.
Anything else I can do for you?
No. Thank you. That's all I need.
Have a great day!
I'd like to know when I'm free.
Which date would you like me to check?
What's my schedule for the 5th of March?
For next Tuesday you're free between 12:30 pm and midnight.
Excellent.
Would you like me to add something to your calendar?
Yes. I'd like to schedule an event for 1:30 in the afternoon.
Where is the even taking place?
The event's located at 3911 Figueroa Street, and you can log it under Football Game: Usc Vs Utah.
To confirm: You'd like me to schedule the event Football Game: Usc Vs Utah on 3911 Figueroa Street for next Tuesday at 1:30 pm, correct?
Yes, that's correct.
The event has been successfully added to your calendar.
Thank you so much for all of your help.
Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, that'll be all. Thank you.
Enjoy your day.
Can you show me all the days I have available on my schedule?
Absolutely! Which dates would you like to know?
Can you show me what's available on the 8th?
Ok, you have an empty slot from 6 pm to midnight next Friday. Would you like me to set the date for the event?
Do I have any time available on the 10th?
Ok, you have an empty slot from 8 am to 10:30 pm on March 10th. Would you like me to set the date for the event?
Yes, sounds good.
Would you like to add an event to the calendar?
Yes I would like to add an event.
What is the name and time for the event? And where is it located?
The event is called Murder City Devils concert. It is located at 1234 West 7th Street at 8:45 am.
Please confirm the following: The event is named Murder City Devils concert. It is scheduled for March 10th at 8:45 am and will be happening at 1234 West 7th Street.
Yes, that is correct.
The event has been successfully added to your calendar.
Thanks for your help. That will be all for today.
Thank you! Have a great day!
I need to know when my schedule is open.
What date do you want?
Saturday this week, please.
You have 3 openings. One of them is from 8 am to 11 am.
Okay. I need to schedule something for one pm.
What's the location?
19920 Olivewood Street.
What do you want to call this event?
Apartment viewing at Pointe At Cupertino.
So schedule Apartment viewing at Pointe At Cupertino at 19920 Olivewood Street for tomorrow at 1 pm?
Yes, that's correct.
Okay, I've added it to your schedule.
Thank you. That's all I need.
Have a nice day.
Please show me when I am available. The date is 5th of March.
The date for the event is scheduled for next Tuesday and you have an empty slot starting at 1:30 pm ending at 5 pm.
Are there any other time available? The date is March 7th.
The date for event is scheduled for next Thursday and you have an empty slot starting at 2 pm and it will end at 6:30 pm.
That's good. Please add it to my calendar and mark the event title as Hairdresser appointment.
What is the time of the event and when is this event happening?
The location for event is 65 West Main Street and the event is scheduled for 3 in the afternoon.
Can you please confirm the following details. The event Hairdresser appointment is scheduled for next Thursday at 65 West Main Street with scheduled time of 3 pm.
Yes. That's perfect.
The event has been successfully added to your calendar.
Thanks for your assistance.
Can I assist you with anything else?
No. I am good for now.
Have a nice day.
I'd like to know my availability.
Which date would you like to know more about?
Tell me about the 4th.
For next Monday you're available starting at 11:30 pm and ending at midnight.
Do I have anything else available? What about the 12th of March?
For March 12th you're available starting at 12:30 pm and ending at 10:30 pm.
Okay, that's good.
Do you need to add any events to your calendar?
Yeah, I do need to add an event to my calendar. It's at 12:30.
What would you like to name the event?
Call it Viewing at Felson Management Corporation.
And where will this take place?
It's at 41277 Roberts Ave # 32.
Okay, I'll add Viewing at Felson Management Corporation on March 12th at 12:30 pm and it's 41277 Roberts Ave # 32, is that correct?
Yes, that is correct.
I've added it to you calendar.
Thanks for helping.
Do you need anything else from me?
No, thanks again.
Okay, have a good day.
I need to figure out a time I can meet my parents for dinner. Afterwards, we'll go checkout an apartment. Let's find out when I have some time available on the 3rd of this month, please?
You want to schedule an event for the day after tomorrow. You have some time available from 4 pm to 7:30 pm.
What about Thursday next week? Do you see any free time on that day?
You want to check next Thursday. Your calendar shows you are free from 4:30 pm until midnight on that day.
Okay, that's great..
Shall I fill in your calendar for that time?
Yes, please. Let's fill in that slot now.
All right. What title would you like for the event. Also, Let me know where you are going and at what time?
Yes, give it the title Viewing at Villa Fontana Apartments at 50 East Market Street for a quarter past 6 in the evening.
Got it. The addition to your calendar is for next Thursday at 6:15 pm for the event titled Viewing at Villa Fontana Apartments, located at 50 East Market Street. Shall I confirm that for you?
Yes, that's on point.
Confirmed. The event is now on your calendar.
Wonderful, amigo. That's it for now. Your help is greatly appreciated.
Of course. Enjoy your day.
I want to know when my schedule is free for Monday next week.
You are looking for the next Monday, and I can see that you have no scheduled events from 11 am till 8:30 pm.
That seems nice. I would like to schedule an event in my calendar.
Can you tell me the name of the event you want to schedule, and the time when the event will be happening? What about the location of the event?
The event will take place at 960 Blossom Hill Road at half past 11 in the morning. The title for the event can be Stylist appointment at Kinder Cuts Kids Hair Salon.
Can you please confirm that you want to schedule an event at 11:30 am for next Monday, titled Stylist appointment at Kinder Cuts Kids Hair Salon, and the event is situated at 960 Blossom Hill Road?
That seems right.
The event you have requested has been added to your schedule.
I appreciate your help. That would be all.
Have a good time!
I need to go for an event on thursday next week. will you show me when i am available?
You have an empty slot starting at 11:30 am and ends at 3 pm on next thursday.
Whether find any other available time on my calendar? probably for the 10th .
You have an empty slot starting at 12:30 pm and ends at 1 pm on March 10th.
ok it sounds good to me.
Whether you need to add an event to your calendar?
Yes, I need to add an event to my calendar that is at half past 12 in the afternoon.
What is the name of the event i should used and when it is happening?
The event location is 2500 milvia street and please put event title as General Practitioner Appointment with Roxanne C. Fiscella, M.D.
ok please check and review the following details so that i will confirm it. The event name is General Practitioner appointment with Roxanne C. Fiscella, M.D. The date for the event is March 10th and location is 2500 Milvia street and scheduled time is at 12:30 pm
ok , that's great.please confirm it
the event have been successfully added to your calendar
Thanks a lot for your immense help .
take care have a great day
Show me when I'm availble on the 9th.
There are 3 empty slots on your calander. There's one rom 8 am to 11:30 am.
Do I have any other availble time on the 12th of this month?
There are 2 empty slots on your calendar. You have an empty slot from 2 pm to 6:30 pm.
Sounds good.
Would you like to add an event?
Yes please.
What name should I use for the event? What time is the event?
The event time is 14:00. Put Hairdresser appointment for the title
Where is the event happening?
The location is 10095 Saich Way #2.
Please confirm the following details: the vent name is Hairdresser appointment. The sceduled date for the event is March 12th. The location of the eent is 10095 Saich Way #2. The scheduled time for the event is 2 pm.
Yes, that sounds good.
Successfully added event to your calander.
Thank you for the help.
Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all.
Have a good day.
Can you help show my schedule for Thursday next week?
Sure, next Thursday you have an empty slot from 8 pm until midnight.
That sounds right.
What event would you like to add?
Just a moment.
Where will the event be? Do you know the time or date I should use to denote it?
List Community gym at quarter past 9 in the night. Just put Gym as the title.
Ok, I have: Event name: Gym, next Thursday at Community gym at 9:15 pm.
That's perfect.
You have the event added.
Good, thanks.
Have a good time.
When am I free on March 4th?
The event date is next Monday and you are free from 6:30 pm to 7 pm.
That's good. Can you add an event and time is quarter to 7 in the evening
Which place is the event going to take place? In what name should i save the event?
The event is taking place in 3455 Homestead Road. Save the event name as Apartment viewing.
Please confirm this: The event name is Apartment viewing. The scheduled date for the event is next Monday. The location of the event is 3455 Homestead Road. The scheduled time for the event is 6:45 pm.
OK. That's perfect.
The event is added successfully
Thanks a lot
Do you want to d anything else?
No. Everything is done.
Have a nice day.
I want to know when I am available.
Which date did you want to know about?
March 2nd.
Tomorrow, you have an empty slot starting at 8 am which ends at 12 pm.
Do I have any other available times? The date is the 13th.
March 13th, you are free from 9 pm to 10:30 pm.
Okay, great that sounds perfect.
Would you like to add any events.
Yes, please. Add the event in location Home.
What should I call the event?
Put Bedtime as the event title.
What time would you like that?
At 9:30 in the night.
Let's confirm the following. On March 13th, your bedtime at Home is scheduled for 9:30 pm.
Yeah, that sounds perfect.
I have successfully added that to your calender.
Thanks for your help.
Can I help with something else?
No, that's everything.
Have a nice day.
When am I available?
For which day?
The 10th please
On March 10th, you are free from 7 pm until 10:30 pm.
How about next Monday?
Next Monday, you are free from 11 am until 6:30 pm.
Perfect. Thank you.
Would you like to add an event?
Yes, I would like to add an event.
When and where is the event?
It will be a Dentist appointment at 128 El Cerrito Plz. Time: morning 11:15.
Please confirm: Dentist appointment next Monday at 128 El Cerrito Plz for 11:15 am
Yes thank you
Your event has been added
Thank you for your assistance.
Can I help with anything else?
Nope. Thank you so much.
Have a good day.
Hey, show me my schedule.
What date are you interested in?
Please check march 13th.
Ok, on March 13th you have a slot from 8 am to 1 pm that is empty.
What about March 3rd? Do I have any time then?
day after tomorrow you have a slot all the way from 8 am until 11:30 am.
Great, add something will you?
What name should the event be given?
Appointment at the Dreadlocks Salon please.
What's the time and event activity location?
341 7th Street at 08:45
OK confirm please: Appointment at the dreadlocks salon day after tomorrow at 341 7th street at 8:45 am.
You have nailed it again.
Great, it's added.
I thank you for your help.
What else can I help with?
Nothing now, thanks.
Have a good appointment.
Could you please show me when Im available.
Which date should I search for?
Check for the date 10th of March
You have free from 8 am to 1 pm
Is there any other available time?
You have another free slot from 2:30 pm to 12 pm
Do I have any other available time for next Monday
Yes you are free from 4 pm to 12 pm
Its great please add an event on my calender
What is the name of the event and where is the it happening?
The location is 2227 Piedmont Avenue mark as Football Game: Golden Bears Vs Trojans as event title.
Whats the time for the event?
Its 5:30 in the evening.
Please confirm this : The event name is Football Game: Golden Bears Vs Trojans on next Monday by 5:30 pm at 2227 Piedmont Avenue
Yes thats perfect
The event is successfully added to your calendar
Thanks a lot for the help.Thats all for now.
Have a great day ahead.
I need to know when my schedule is clear.
For which date?
For this Sunday.
You have free time the day after tomorrow from 3:30 pm to 7 pm.
Do I have any spare time Monday next week?
There is time available next Monday from 8:30 pm to midnight.
Fine. I would be going out somewhere at night 9:45
What is the name of the event and where is it taking place?
The title would be Laundry and it would be taking place at the Laundry room.
I would like to confirm the following information: laundry at the Laundry room for next Monday at 9:45 pm
That would be fine.
I have added it to your calendar.
I appreciate your assistance.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. You have been very helpful.
Enjoy your day.
Show me my open calendar on 5th of this month.
You have 4 empty slots between 8 am to 12 pm on your calendar.
Any other available time on the 14th?
There are 3 empty slots between 2 pm to 2:30 pm
Any other empty slots?
You have empty slot from 3:30 pm to 5 pm on your calendar
ok great.
Do you want me to add an event to your calendar?
Yes please
What is the event and where is the event at what time?
Please put Property viewing from half past 11 in the morning at 49 Gold Mine Drive
Please confirm your calendar for Property viewing on March 14th 11:30 am at 49 Gold Mine Drive
Yes thats correct
Event has been added to your calendar
Thank you
Anything else ?
No thats it
Have a nice day
Show me my availability for the 12th of this month please.
OK, I show that you have availability at 8 am until 2:30 pm on March 12th.
Ok, that's great.
Did you want to add an event to this calendar?
Yes actually, Please add event title as General Practitioner appointment.
Sure, for what time ?
This is event is morning 9:30.
Ok, Where is this event happening?
Event location is 31 Panoramic Way #201.
One moment, Please confirm details: Add calendar event General Practitioner appointment on March 12th at 9:30 am. This event is located at 31 Panoramic Way #201. Is this correct?
Yes, sounds perfect.
Great. event has successfully been added.
Thanks. That will be all for now.
Your welcome. Have a wonderful day.
Can you please let me know my availability.
Sure, which date would you like to check?
The 9th.
There is availability from 8 am to 12 pm.
What else is available?
There's also an empty slot at 1:30 pm to 4 pm.
Hmmm, what else is open on the 7th?
There's open space at 1 pm to 3 pm.
Perfect, please title it, Reservation for 3 people at Mexico Lindo.
Can you please provide the location of this event?
Yes, 1 o"clock in the afternoon at 33306 Alvarado-Niles Road.
Great, please confirm your reservation details: Reservation for 3 people at Mexico Lindo next Thursday at 33306 Alvarado-Niles Road for 1 pm.
Correct.
This event is successfully on your calendar.
Awesome, thanks.
Is there anything else you would like?
Nope, thanks.
Have a wonderful day.
I need to schedule an appointment. Can you check what's available on my calendar?
Sure, what day?
What does the 13th look like right now?
You have 3 empty slots that day. It looks like 8 am to 2:30 pm is open.
What else is available?
Looks like 3 pm to 7 pm is also open.
Do I have available times on the 14th of March?
There are 2 empty slots that day. Looks like 1 pm to 1:30 pm is open.
Ok, that sounds fine.
Should I add an event to your calendar?
Yes, go ahead.
Ok, what's the location, time, and name of the event?
You can just put Hairdresser appointment and make it for 6:30 in the evening at 1374 9th Avenue.
Ok, just to confirm, I'm adding a Hairdresser appointment on March 14th for 6:30 pm at 1374 9th Avenue. Is that right?
Yep, sounds good.
Ok, the event has been added.
Thanks. That's all.
Have a good day.
Show me when I am available on the 2nd of this month.
You have an empty slot from 8 am to 5:30 pm.
Do I have any other free time?
You have an empty slot from 7 pm to 7:30 pm.
Do I have any other available time on the 14th of this month?
You have an empty slot from 4:30 pm to 5 pm.
Sounds good.
Would you like to add an event to your calendar.
Yes,I would like to add an event to my calendar.
What should I call the event? What time is it occurring and where is the event happening?
The event is located at 5500 Campanile Drive at 6:30 in the evening. Name the event Alejandro Sanz concert.
Please confirm the following: The event name is Alejandro Sanz concert and it is scheduled for March 14th at 6:30 pm. It is located at 5500 Campanile Drive.
Yes, that is correct.
The event has been successfully added to your calendar.
Thank you for your help.
Can I be of further help?
No,thank you for your help.
Have a nice day.
Can you show me when I'm available on the 13th of this month, please?
Sure! There are 2 empty slots on your calendar. You're available at 8 am and at 5 pm.
Do I have any available times next Monday?
You have empty slots at 1:30 pm and at 8 pm.
Are those my only empty slots?
No. You also have available time at 10 pm and at 12 pm.
Okay, great!
Would you like me to add an event to your calendar?
Yes, please! The event is located at 801 Welch Road.
What time is the event? What name should I use to categorize the event?
The event is called the ENT Specialist appointment at 14:30.
Okay, perfect! Can you confirm the following details, please? The event name is ENT Specialist appointment. It's scheduled for next Monday at 2:30 pm. It's located at 801 Welch Road.
Yes, indeed.
You're successfully booked for your appointment.
Thank you so much!
You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all.
All right. I hope you have a good day!
Show me the times I am available on March 14th.
You're free from 8 am to 7:30 pm.
Sounds good. Make an appointment on my calendar for 15:30.
Where are you going for this appointment?
I'm going to a Property viewing at 100 Summerfield Drive.
So do I have this right? You have a Property viewing at 100 Summerfield Drive on March 14th at 3:30 pm?
Yes, that's correct.
I've marked the appointment in your calendar.
Thanks. That's all I need right now.
Have a good day. Bye.
What times am I available next Wednesday?
You have 3 times of availability from 8 am to 1:30 pm.
Do I have any other times available on March 7th?
Your calendar shows 2 open times from 1 pm to 5 pm.
Okay, sounds great.
How else can I assist you today?
I'd like to add an event to my calendar.
What is the time and location of this event?
The event location is 6000 Bollinger Canyon Road Suite 2300 and the time will be at seven pm.
What name would you like me to use for this event?
I'd like the event to be called Movie at THE LOT City Center.
Please confirm that you would like me to add an event named Movie at THE LOT City Center to your calendar schedule for next Thursday at 7 pm. The event will be located at 6000 Bollinger Canyon Road Suite 2300.
Thank you. That sounds great.
The event has been successfully added to your calendar.
Thanks for helping.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, but thank you for helping.
Enjoy your day.
When am I available on the 4th?
You are free from 8 am to 4:30 pm.
OK, put Appointment at Great Clips in my calendar, for half past 6 in the evening.
Where is it happening?
It will be at 4045 East Castro Valley Boulevard.
Please confirm this: The event is Appointment at Great Clips. It will be next Monday at 6:30 pm and it is happening at 4045 East Castro Valley Boulevard.
Yes, that's good.
I have added this to your calendar.
Thanks, for the help.
Do you need anything else?
No, that's it thanks.
OK, enjoy your day!
Do you know when I am available?
Which do were you curious about?
The 9th please.
There are 3 spots open that day. One empty spot is 8 am to 1 pm.
Do I have any other time?
You have a time available from 1:30 pm to 7 pm.
Okay add an event during that time.
Alright what are the details of the event?
The title is The Struts concert and it is at 5 in the evening. The location is 89 South Street.
The Struts concert for 5 pm in the evening of March 9th and the location is 89 South Street. Is this all correct?
That is perfect.
Okay the date has been added.
Thank you that will be all.
Have a great day.
Can you tell me if I am available for next Friday?
You have 3 empty slots for next Friday, you are available from 8 am to 11:30 am.
Is there any other time that I am available?
You are also available from 12 pm to 5 pm.
Is that all, is there any empty slots on the 3rd?
On the 3rd you have 1 empty slot, from 8:30 pm to 12 pm.
Sounds perfect, add an event to that date at 15:30?
How should I name this event?
Call the event Viewing at Apricot Pit Apartments, and give it the location 400 East Remington Drive.
You wish to set an event titled Viewing at Apricot Pit Apartments at 400 East Remington Drive, for the day after tomorrow at 3:30 pm?
That all sounds good, yes.
Your event was successfully added to your calendar.
Thanks for all your help.
Is there anything else you need me to help you with?
No, that is all thank you.
Your welcome, have a good day.
Hey. When am I free?
For what date would you like to know?
The 1st of March.
You have 3 empty slots on that day. There is one between 8 am and 1:30 pm.
Yes, sounds good,
Would you like to set an event for that tune?
Yes, I would.
What should I name it?
Put Restaurant reservation for 3 at Perch + Plow as the title.
What time will it be?
At evening 6.
Where will the event be?
On 90 Old Courthouse Square.
Please confirm: You want to schedule an event called Restaurant reservation for 3 at Perch + Plow for today. It's located on 90 Old Courthouse Square at 6 pm.
Yes, that's it.
Successfully added it to your calendar.
Thanks a lot. That's all I need.
Have a great day.
Do I have something scheduled for March 12th?
Your calendar has 3 empty slots: from 8 am to 11 am.
Any other slot?
There's one from 11:30 am to 5 pm.
Anything else for the 14th?
There's an available time from 4 pm to 10:30 pm.
That will do it. I want a reservation for 5 people at Mayflower Seafood Restaurant for the main title. Add it to my calendar too.
Where is the event at?
34348 Alvarado-Niles Road at eleven am.
Let's confirm the following: Reservation for 5 people at Mayflower Seafood Restaurant. It's scheduled for March 14th. It's taking place at 34348 Alvarado-Niles Road. Scheduled for 11 am.
Thank you.
The event's been added to your calendar.
Thank you.
We wish you the best.
Am I available Saturday this week?
There are 3 empty slots on your calendar. From 8 am to 12:30 pm you have time
Sounds good, add an event to my calendar
What event is it, and when and where?
It's a hairdresser appointment at 5 in the evening at 994 The Alameda
Confirming your 5 pm Hairdresser appointment tomorrow at 994 The Alameda
Yes thats right
I've added it to your calendar
Thanks for your help
Anything else you need?
No that's all for now
Have a good day
Do I have any free time on 14th of this month?
Yes, you have 2 empty slots from 8 am to 7:30 pm.
Do I have any free time on the 9th?
There are 2 empty slots on 9th, from 3:30 pm to 9 pm.
That sounds great.
Is there anything you would like me to do?
Add a new event with location 344 East Hamilton Avenue to my calendar.
What name and time should I use for the event?
Use Ophthalmologist appointment with Dr. Edward J. Saub as the title and save the event time as 11:00.
Please confirm that the event name is Ophthalmologist appointment with Dr. Edward J. Saub and date and time of the event are March 9th and 11 am and event location is 344 East Hamilton Avenue.
Yes.
I have successfully added the event to your calendar.
Thank you. That's all for now.
Have a great day.
I need to know when I am available on March 12th.
You are available during the hours of 8 am to 12 pm.
That is fine.
Do you wish to schedule this event in your calendar?
Yes, I would like to schedule the event in my caldendar.
What is the location of the event?
The event is happening at 200 South 3rd Street.
What time will the event occur?
The event is occurring at 7 o"clock in the evening.
What should I use as the event title?
The name to use for the event title is Young The Giant concert.
Please verify the following information: The name of the event is Young The Giant concert. The date the event takes place is March 12th. The concert will be located at 200 South 3rd Street, at 7 pm.
Yes, that is correct.
The concert is scheduled in your calendar.
I appreciate your help. That will be all.
Have a nice day.
Am I available on the 2nd of this month?
Yes, you are available from 8 am to 5 pm.
Perfect, thank you.
Can I add this event to your calendar?
Yes, please add the event and label it Apartment viewing at The Enclave.
Where is The Enclave located?
It's located at 4343 Renaissance Drive.
What time are you planning to go?
I plan to attend in the afternoon 3.
To confirm, I am planning an Apartment viewing at The Enclave at 4343 Renaissance Drive tomorrow at 3 pm.
Sounds good to me!
It's been added to your calendar.
You've been very helpful, thank you.
You have a good day as well.
Show me when I am available on March 14th.
There are 3 empty slots on your calendar,starting from 8 am to 11:30 am
Please check any available time on 1st of March.
Yes slots from 6:30 pm to 10:30 pm
alright
Would you like to add an event to your calandar?
Yes, I want to add an event to my calendar.
What time is the event?
The event time is half past 1 in the afternoon.
Where is the event happening? What name should I use for the event?
Put Ophthalmologist appointment with Rona Silkiss, MD, FACS for the event title. The event location is 1460 North Camino Alto.
Please confirm the details: The event name is Ophthalmologist appointment with Rona Silkiss, MD, FACS. The scheduled date is today. The location of the event is 1460 North Camino Alto. The scheduled time for the event is 1:30 pm.
Yes. perfect
Successfully addded the event to your calendar
Thank you for your help.
Have a Good day.
I would like to see if I am available on the 10th of this month.
You have 2 empty slots on your calendar for the 10th, one being from 8 am to 4:30 pm.
Sounds good. Can you add an event to my calendar for that day?
Absolutely. What name should I use for the event?
Please put Apartment viewing at Arbors At Mountain View for the event name.
Perfect. What time will that event be?
The event will be at two in the afternoon, and it is located at 2290 California Street.
Just to confirm, the event name is Apartment viewing at Arbors At Mountain View, scheduled for March 10th at 2 pm. The location of this event is 2290 California Street.
Yes, that sounds perfect.
Great, I successfully added the event to your calendar.
That's great. Thank you for your help!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that was it. Thank you, again!
Perfect. Have a great day!
Show when I'm available.
For which date?
The 1st of this month.
You have 4 empty slots from 8 am to 1 pm.
Any other times free? The date's March 13th.
You have 2 empty slots. One is 4 pm to 5 pm.
Any other times?
You have a slot empty from 6:30 pm to 12 pm.
Sounds good.
Do you want to add an event to your calendar?
Yes, add an event at 19:00.
Where is the event and what is the name?
Taking Back Sunday concert at 50 Upper Alabama Street.
Please confirm: Taking Back Sunday concert on March 13th at 50 Upper Alabama Street at 7 pm.
Sounds good.
Event added to your calendar.
Thank you, that's all.
Have a good day.
Show me my availability.
Which date?
9th of this month
You are available from 8 am to 11 am.
Great
Do you want to add an event to your calendar?
Yes
What and where is the event?
1111 Southwest Broadway at 18:30
What's the name of the event?
Erica Fernandez concert
Please confirm Erica Fernandez concert on March 9th at 1111 Southwest Broadway at 6:30 pm.
Sounds great.
Okay, event added.
Thanks.
Anything else?
No, that's it for now.
Have a nice day.
Can you show the when I am available on Monday next week?
You have 4 empty slots on your calendar. There is an empty slot from 8 am to 4:30 pm.
Do I have any other time available on the 9th?
There are 2 empty slots and they are from 2 pm to 5:30 pm.
That sounds fine. Please add an event on my calendar.
Where and when is the event happening? What name would you like for the event?
The event is at 1919 Mount Diablo Boulevard at half past 11 in the morning. Put the event as Hairdresser appointment.
You have a Hairdresser appointment on March 9th located at 1919 Mount Diablo Boulevard. The time is 11:30 am. Is this correct?
Yes, that sounds fine to me.
I have successfully added the event to your calendar.
Thank you for the help. That's all I need for now.
Have a wonderful evening.
I want to check the weather for March 7th.
What city are you checking the weather for?
I want to check in Dixon.
The average temperature is 80 degrees with a 1 percent chance of rain.
Please check the weather for me in sonoma on 9th of this month
The temperature in Sonoma is 85 degree with 6 percent chance of rain
how humid would it be
it will be 21 percent humidity
What does the weather on March 14th look like?
Which city should I check it for?
Search in Mill Valley
The temperature is expected to be 91 degrees with a 13 percent chance of rain.
What about humidity and wind?
Humidity is expected to be around 40 percent and wind speed is at 2 miles per hour.
How about the weather in Palo Alto on next Tuesday?
The temperature is expected to be 88 degrees with a 27 percent chance of rain.
Check for me please the weather in Mountain View.
The average temperature for the day should be 91 degrees Fahrenheit and 9 percent chance of rain.
Do you know the weather on March 9th?
On which city specifically?
In Yountville, please.
It is not that cold, the average temperature on that day is 91 degrees with 11 percent chance of rain.
Please tell me the weather forecast for March 8th.
Any particular city's weather forecast?
Please check the weather in Menlo Park.
The expected average temperature for the day is 83 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 9 percent chance of rain.
What's the weather like on Thursday next week?
For what city?
Look in Sebastopol.
The average temperature should be 83 degrees Fahrenheit. There'll be a 20 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy? How humid?
The wind speed will be around 1 miles per hour. The humidity should be around 30 %.
What about mill valley?
Average temperature of 91 degrees Fahrenheit. There's a 27 % chance of rain.
What'll the weather be like on March 9th?
In what city?
Check in Fairfax.
It'll be around 80 degrees and have a 3 percent chance of rain that day.
What will the weather be like on 4th of this month in San Fran?
The temperature will be averaging at around 71 degrees Fahrenheit for the day and the possibility of rain is at 16 percent.
Can you find me the weather in Novato for March 13th?
The weather for Novato for the day should be an average temperature of 70 degrees Fahrenheit with a 2 percent chance of rain.
Okay.
What else can I help you with?
I still haven't figured out what to do for my date coming up. Can you check the weather for me?
Sure, what city?
We'll most likely go to Discovery Bay.
Looks like the average is 77 degrees Fahrenheit with a 9 percent chance of rain.
Can you check the weather for me on March 13th?
Where would you like the weather for?
I want the weather for Pinole.
The forecast is for an average temperature of 84 degrees Fahrenheit with a 18 percent chance of rain.
What's the wind like?
Average wind speed is 9 miles per hour.
What about the humidity?
Humidity is expected to be 29 percent.
I need to find out the weather in Napa.
The average temperature in Napa today should be 85 degrees F and there is a 24 % chance of rain.
I want the weather in Lafayette on March 4th
The temperature is 91 degrees and there is a 15 percent chance of rain
What is the weather like in Santa Rosa on the March 10th?
The temperature is 77 degrees Fahrenheit with 18 percent chance of rain.
How humid would it be?
Around 37 percent.
And how windy?
About 9 miles per hour.
What is the weather in Menlo Park on March 9th?
There is a 15 percent chance of precipitation with at temperature of 87 degrees.
Give me the weather in Antioch on the 1st of this month.
There is only a 2 percent chance of precipitation and the temperature is 91 degrees.
What is the humidity?
Humidity will over near 17 percent.
How gusty will it be?
The wind will be blowing at 5 miles per hour.
what's the weather gonna be like in campbell on the March 6th?
the weather that day should be 75 degrees with an 8 percent chance of rain.
Can you check the weather in Walnut Creek on March 7th?
It's going to be 72 degrees Fahrenheit with 19 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy it's going to be?
There's a 31 percent of humidity and wind speed should be 12 miles per hour.
What is the weather in Alameda.
The avergare high is 73 degrees Fahreheit. The is a slight chance of rain about 8 percent.
What is the weather in Fairfield on the March 13th.
The average temp is 74 degrees and there is 0 percent chance of precipitation.
Okay what about Larkspur on March 11th?
The average temp is 89 degrees and the chance of precipitation is 26 percent.
Whats it going to be like outside on March 8th?
Well, it depends where?
How about in Kenwood?
73 degrees on average. Chance or rain is 14 percent.
What is the weather status in Redwood city?
It is averaging the temperature of 87 degrees Fahrenheit for the day with a 20 percent probability of raining.
Can you tell me how the weather is in San Ramon on March 5th?
There will be a 24 percent chance of rain that day. It looks like the temperature will be 71 degrees Fahrenheit.
Alright, got it.
Do you need something else?
Check the weather on March 5th at Muir Beach.
The temp will be 76 with an 18 percent chance of rain.
How about Walnut Creek on the March 13th?
It will be 82 with a 14 percent chance of rain.
How about wind speed?
It will be 12 miles per hour.
i want to check the weather in healdsburg on March 7th.
the weather that day should be 73 degrees with a 9 percent chance of rain.
I'm going to be at St. Helena soon. How's the weather there?
It's expected to be at an average of 82 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 22 percent chance of rain.
Could you check the weather forecast for me?
Which city will I check?
In Concord please.
There is a 16 % chance of rain and the ave temp will be 71 degrees fahrenheit.
I want to know weather on March 5th
In which city you want
In Los Altos on March 1st
The average temperature for the day is 76 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 6 percent chance to rain
How windy and humid will it be?
Humidy around 19 percent and average wind speed should be 3 miles per hour
Please help me check the weather in Clayton.
The expected average temperature is 70 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 1 percent chance of rain.
I need to find out the weather for March 1st.
Which city did you want to find out the weather for?
I need to know the weather in Olema, California.
The average temperature in Olema that day should be 91 degrees F with a 21 % chance of rain.
How windy is it expected to be and what will the humidity be like?
The average wind speed is looking like 3 mph and the humidity should be around 25 %.
I need to find out the weather in Daly City on March 7th.
The average temp in Daly City that day should be 75 degrees F with a 26 % chance of rain.
Sure, sounds right.
Did you need help with anything else?
I would like to check out the weather in Pleasant Hill on March 5th.
The average temperature for the day should be about 74 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 3 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be?
There should be an average wind speed of about 12 miles per hour.
How humid will it be?
The humidity should be around 18 percent.
Will you be nice and check the weather in Burlingame for me on March 11th please?
It tells me that the average temperature on that day is 91 degrees Fahrenheit with a 12 percent possibility of raining.
What is the humidity of the region and also what is the wind situation there?
Wind would average on 1 mile an hour speed. 34 percent is the approximate humidity.
What's the weather like in Union City on March 10th?
86 degrees with a 9 % chance of rain
Please check the weather on 11th of March.
Which city?
Saratoga please.
It's going to be 89 degrees Fahrenheit with 24 percent chance of rain.
I almost forgot I have this trip coming up. Can you check the weather for me in Burlingame on 5th of this month?
Sure. Looks like the average will be 81 degrees Fahrenheit with a 9 percent chance of rain.
Ok, and what's the humidity like?
It'll be around 17 percent.
How about the windiness?
Looks like it'll be about 4 miles per hour on average.
Please check the weather in Danville on March 1st We have a company meeting there.
There's 24 percent chance of rain on that day. The average temperature is 83 degrees.
Okay, thanks!
Do you need help with anything else?
Tell me what the weather will be on the March 11th in Belmont.
It will be 71 degrees with a 21 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity and the wind speed?
The humidity is 7 percent with the wind at 8 miles per hour.
I'd like to check the weather please.
Where should I check the weather at?
I'd like to know the weather in Cloverdale on March 11th.
The average temperature will be 76 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 1 percent chance of rain.
Can you check the weather in El Sobrante on March 13th?
The temperature will reach 82 and there is a 15 perent chance for rain.
What will the wind speeds be?
The wind speeds will be 8 miles per hour.
How about the humidity?
That is expected to be 19 percent.
What will the weather be like in Portola Valley on this Saturday?
The temperatue will be 86 degrees with a 13 percent chance for rain.
What weather will be in San Lorenzo on March 8th?
Average temperature: 90 degrees Fahrenheit. Chance of rain: 25 percent
Will it be a windy and humid day?
Average wind speed: 11 miles per hour. Expected humidity: around 22 percent
Ok, thanks. And on March 7th?
Average temperature: 86 degrees Fahrenheit. Chance of rain: 24 percent
What's the weather forecast for Livermore on March 12th.
The forecast for Livermore calls for an average temperature of 83 degrees iwth a 29 percent chance of rain.
What about Benicia on March 10th.
The forecast for Benicia calls for an average temperature of 79 degrees with a 10 percent chance of rain.
What's the weather looking like for March 2nd?
What city are you interested in?
Search in Burlingame, please.
The forecast calls for an average temperature of 84 degrees Fahrenheit with a 3 percent chance of rain.
Hi, could you help me check the weather in Montara on March 7th please?
Sure. the average temperature on that day is 88 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
May I know how humid will it be on that day?
It is expected to be 15 percent humid.
Whats the weather like in Rutherford on the March 10th?
Average temperature should be 79 degrees. There's a 23 percent chance of rainfall.
What about humidy and wind?
You are looking at an average wind speed of 10 miles per hour. Humidity> Around 39 percent.
What's the weather gonna be like March 7th?
What city are you talking about?
Sunnyvale
The temperature will be around 94 degrees Fahrenheit. There's a 25 percent it will rain.
Hey, can you tell me the weather on March 1st in Valley Ford?
Sure, it'll be around 72 degrees with a 6 percent chance of rain.
Okay thanks. How about in Pinole on March 11th?
It'll be around 89 degrees with a 17 percent chance of rain.
I'll be going on a short trip to Napa next Tuesday. Can you check what the weather will be like?
Sure, it looks like it'll be an average of 79 degrees Fahrenheit with a 2 percent chance of rain.
Great, how about the humidity?
It will be around 15 percent.
Ok, can you also check Olema, California on the 12th of March while you're at it?
Sure, it looks like it'll be an average of 77 degrees Fahrenheit with a 21 percent chance of rain.
Ok, and how humid and windy will it be?
It looks like the humidity will be around 19 percent with an average wind speed of 6 miles per hour.
Could you tell me the weather conditions please?
In what city please?
In Windsor please.
It will be around 86 degrees Fahrenheit with a 21 percent possibility of showers.
What is the weather like in inverness?
It should be 90 degrees fahrenheit with a 4 percent chance of rain.
I need to see what the weather is like in El Cerrito on the March 11th.
It'll have an average temperature of 87 degrees, with a 10 percent chance of rain.
What is the weather in Fairfax on the 12th?
The average temperature is 94 degrees with a 23 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity and the wind predicted to be?
The humidity is expected to be 41 percent and the wind should be around 7 MPH.
Check weather for March 13th.
What city do you want?
The city is Los Gatos.
It will be 91 degrees with a 28 percent chance of rain.
How humid will it be?
The humidity will be 37 %.
How about the wind?
The average speed of the wind will be 1 mile per hour.
I want to know what the weather would be like?
For which city?
For albany.
It would be 92 degrees fahrenheit with a 19 percent chance of rain.
What is the weather in San Francisco like this Saturday?
The temperature for the day will be 72 degrees and there is a 15 percent chance of rain.
What will the weather be on March 1st?
Which city do you want to know about?
I would like to know the weather in Sunol
Average temperature: 92 degrees Fahrenheit. Chance of rain: 12 percent
Ok, thank you!
Do you need anything else?
Could you tell me the weather?
Where did you want me to check?
Check Chicago please.
Today's weather shows 73 degrees as the average and a 29 percent chance that it will rain.
Can you help me check the weather for March 1st for Campbell?
Sure. There will be a 4 percent change of rain with an average temperature of 91 degrees Fahrenheit.
Please check the weather on March 7th.
For which city?
Please check San Jose.
The average temperature will be 80 degrees with a 29 percent chance of rain.
I need the weather forecast for the 7th.
What city would you like to check the weather?
Please check Ciudad de Mexico
For that day there is a 6 percent chaning of rain and the average temperature should be 93 degrees Fahrenheit.
What will the humidity be? Will it be windy?
The humidity will be around 24 percent and the average wind speed 5 miles per hour.
Can you check the weather in Paris, France for me?
The average temperature in Paris, France should be 77 degrees Farenheit. There is also a 26 percent chance of rain.
I will go to Millbrae soon. Can you check the weather in there on March 6th?
The temperature will be around 88 degrees Fahrenheit with a 8 percent chance of raining.
I would like to check the weather.
Which city are you interested in?
I would like Berkeley.
The temperature for that day will be 91 F with a 17 percent chance of rain.
What about the March 6th.
The temperature on average will be 84 degrees F with a 7 percent chance of rain.
What about Long Beach on the 13th of March?
The average temperature will be 72 degrees F with a 9 % chance of rain.
i want to check the weather in calistoga on the 3rd of this month.
the weather that day should be 76 degrees and there'll be a 6 percent chance of rain.
how humid will it be?
it'll be around 23 percent.
What will the weather be like in Pleasant Hill on the 9th of March?
The temperature should average 83 degrees and there will be a 26 percent chance of rain.
I would like to check the weather in Hercules.
The average temperature is projected to be 81 F and there is a 19 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell me what the weather is suppose to be like on Wednesday next week in Hercules?
The average temperature is suppose to be 84 degrees with a 12 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy?
Wind speed should be 6 miles an hour.
What is the weather going to be like on March 6th in Seattle, WA?
The average temperature is forecasted to be 64 Fahrenheit, and there is a 27 percent chance of rain.
What's the wind like?
Average wind speed should be 4 miles per hour.
And the humidity?
Humidity will be around 29 percent.
Okay, thank you.
Is there anything else you need?
I wish to check the weather in Nairobi on march 1st.
105 degrees Fahrenheit is the average temperature for the day and 0 percent chances of rain there.
How about windy?
7 miles per hour is the average wind speed.
I like to check the weather on 11th of march.
In which city you want to check the weather?
I want to check in Sunol.
The average day temperature is running at 76 degrees Fahrenheit and the chances of rain is 2 percent
What's the forecast for the 8th in Sydney?
99 degrees F with a 7 % chance of rain.
Humidity?
21 percent.
I want to check the weather condition in Daly City on March 12th. Can you help me to check there?
Yes, please note that the average level of Temperature will be 83 degrees Fahrenheit and there will be a chace of 8 % for rain fall there on that day.
What about wind speed?
It should be around 12 miles per hour in average. Anything else?
What will the weather be in Chi-town on the 10th?
The temperature averages 65 degrees and has a 35 percent chance of rain.
What is the wind speed?
Wind will be 8 miles per hour.
What is the humidity level?
Humidity will hover near 54 percent.
I see. What is the weather there today?
The temperature will be around 73 degrees and there is a 29 percent chance of rain.
Can you check the weather for me on March 4th in Los Angeles?
The forecast is for an average temperature of 81 degrees Fahrenheit with a 16 percent chance of rain.
Alright, how about the weather on day after tomorrow?
The forecast for that day is an average temperature of 89 degrees Fahrenheit with 0 percent chance of rain.
What's the humidity and wind supposed to be like?
Humidity is expected to be around 15 percent, and winds will be around 8 miles per hour.
Alright, how about the weather in Olema, California?
The forecast for Olema is an average temperature of 87 degrees Fahrenheit with 23 percent chance of rain.
I have to verify the weather on the 7th.
What metropolis would you like to verify the weather for/
The city is Cloverdale.
The average temperature for that date ought to be 88 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 22 percent likelihood it will rain.
What's the weather forecast for the March 11th?
What city's weather would you like?
I want weather for Fairfield.
The forecast average temperature for the day is 89 degrees Fahrenheit. There's a 13 percent chance it will rain.
What's the weather forecast for the Sunday this week in Inverness?
The forecast calls for an average temperature of 88 degrees Fahrenheit that day. The chance of rain is 22 percent.
How windy or humid will it be that day?
The forecast wind speed is 1 mile per hour, with about 24 percent humidity.
Can you tell me what the weather is in San Pablo?
I'd be happy to. There is only a 2 percent chance of rain and the average temperature is predicted to be 73 degrees Fahrenheit.
It's going to be a beautiful day.
Can I assist you with something else?
What is the weather forecast for the March 3rd?
What city would you like the weather forecast for?
Pinole
A 24 percent change of rain is forecasted for that day with an average temperate of 89 degrees.
What is the weather like on the March 4th?
In which city should I look?
The weather in Mill Valley.
The weather should be around 90 degrees and there is a 7 percent chance of rain.
How humid will the temperature be?
There is about a 18 percent humidity.
Tell me what the weather will be on March 6th.
What city shall I search for?
Check the weather in Belmont.
The weather will be 91 degrees with a 24 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity and the wind speed?
The humidity will be 28 percent with the wind at 4 miles per hour.
What's the forecast for Rutherford 4th of this month?
Average of 88 degrees and a 12 percent chance of rain.
I want to check the Weather condition for which I need your help.
In which City you want to check for the weather condition?
I want to check it in Santa Rosa.
Temperature level will be 83 degrees Fahrenheit in average and there will be 6 % chances for Rain fall.
Can you check to see what the weather forecast will be in Mill Valley on March 1st?
They are calling for a 24 percent chance of rain with a temperature around 79 degrees.
I need to check out the weather for the the 14th in East Palo Alto.
The average temperature is 80 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 4 percent chance of rain.
How windy is it? And how humid will it be?
The average wind speed is about 5 miles per hour and there's 21 percent humidity.
Check the weather in Albany.
The temperature is 92 degrees with a 19 percent chance of rain.
How humid is it?
The humidity is 29 %.
How about March 4th in Occidental?
It will be 84 with a 20 percent chance of rain.
What is the wind speed and humidity?
It will be 2 miles per hour and humidity is 18 %.
Thanks for the info.
Is there anything else?
Please check the weather on March 13th.
Which city?
Calistoga please.
It's going to be 81 degrees Fahrenheit with 2 percent chance of rain.
How about in South San Francisco?
It's going to be 91 degrees Fahrenheit with 12 percent chance of rain.
How windy and humid it's going to be?
Humidity is 31 percent and wind speed should be 10 miles per hour.
I would like to know the weather in Alamo for the 9th of March.
The days is supposed to be 93 degrees with a 10 percent chance of rain.
How windy is it going to be and what about the humidity?
The wind speed will be 8 miles per hour and the humidity will be around 20 percent.
Can you look up the weather in Fairfield on the March 6th?
Sure: The temperature will be 80 degrees Fahrenheit with a 20 percent chance of rain.
Okay, how about the humidity?
The humidity will be at 46 percent.
And what about the wind?
That will be going 8 miles per hour.
I need to know the weather in Sacramento, CA on 12th of this month.
The average temperature in Sacramento that day should be 92 degrees F and there is a 14 % chance of rain.
Ok, how about the weather in Vallejo?
The average temperature in Vallejo that day should be 87 degrees F and there is a 25 % chance of rain.
How windy is it expected to be that day and what is the humidity going to be?
The humidity should be around 32 % and the average wind speed should be 3 mph.
Tell me what the weather will be in Castro Valley on March 12th.
The forecast is 93 degrees with a 9 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy will it be?
The humidity is foretasted to be 25 percent with wind at 1 mile per hour.
What's the weather like in LA?
About 76 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 28 percent chance of rain.
I want to check the weather on March 7th.
In which city you like to check the weather?
Like to check in Point Reyes Station.
76 degrees Fahrenheit is the average temperature for the day and 16 percent chances of rain there.
What is the expectation of humidity and windy?
1 miles per hours is the average wind speed and 21 percent of humidity.
Can you check the weather for march 13th?
Yes. In which city?
Graton please, check the forecast.
There is an 8 percent chance of rain with average temperature of 86 degrees
What is the weather on Friday next week.
In what city?
San Mateo.
It should be around 88 degrees with a 6 percent chance of rain.
Can you check the weather in Foster City on March 14th?
The average daytime temperature is expected to be 91 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 19 percent chance of rain.
How windy and humid is it going to get?
The average wind speed is expected to be 1 mile per hour and the humidity might be close to 36 percent.
Can you check the weather for me in Pescadero for the the 7th?
There's a 4 percent chance of rain with an average of 86 degrees Fahrenheit.
Is it going to be windy?
There might be an average wind speed of 6 mph.
OK, please check also for March 12th.
There's a 19 percent chance of rain with an average of 79 degrees Fahrenheit.
Is it going to be windy?
There might be an average wind speed of 8 mph.
Please check the weather.
In which city would you like to know the weather?
Please check Albany.
The temperature on that day averages 92 degree Fahrenheit with a 19 percent chance of rain.
What is the weather going to be in Oakley on 12th of this month?
The average chance of rain is 22 percent and the average high is 75 degrees.
I'm going to be seeing a friend in Inverness. Can you see what the weather's like there?
It'll be about 90 degrees Fahreinheit, with a 4 percent chance of rain.
Okay. Good to know.
What else would you like?
How will the weather be in Geyserville on the March 3rd?
The forecast calls for an average temperature of 73 degrees Fahrenheit with a 13 percent chance of rain.
How about wind and humidity?
Wind speed is forecast at 7 miles per hour, with humidity around 22 percent.
I want to know what the weather will be like on Tuesday next week.
What city do you want to know the weather in?
I want to know the weather in Rutherford.
It will be 75 degrees Fahrenheit on average for that day and there will be a 23 percent chance it will rain.
What kind of weather do you show for the Monday next week, please?
What city is this weather check for?
Suisun City, please.
There is a forecast of 75 degrees Fahrenheit on average during the day with a chance of rain at 3 percent.
Tell me what the weather will be in Martinez on March 4th.
That daytime temperature will be 87 degrees with a 7 percent chance of precipitation.
What is the humidity level?
Humidity will average 21 percent.
Tell me what the weather will be in Pinole.
The daytime temperature will average 77 degrees and it has a 24 percent chance of rain.
Tell me what the weather will be on March 8th.
The daytime temperature will average 91 degrees and there is only a 1 percent chance of rain.
What's the weather like at the river in Forestville on 12th of this month?
The Temperature will be 75 and there isn't likely to be rain. It's chance is 14 %.
Will it be windy there?
Not really. Maybe about 10 mph.
Will it be humid?
Not at all, about 36 percent.
I need to check the weather.
Sure thing, what city do you want to check the weather in?
Check out the weather in Forestville for me.
Alright. The average temperature for the day should be around 70 degrees Fahrenheit with a 20 percent chance of rain.
Okay, thanks. How's the weather going to be March 14th?
On March 14th the average temperature for the day should be around 80 degrees with a 10 percent chance of rain.
Help me look up the weather.
What's city's weather are you interested in? And for what date?
Check Half Moon Bay on the 11th.
It will be 88 degrees Fahrenheit for the day's average and there's a 6 percent chance for rain.
Alright, let's check Union City.
It will be 87 degrees Fahrenheit for the day's average and there's a 11 percent chance for rain.
What's the weather in Ciudad de Mexico?
Average of 102 degrees and 0 percent chance of rain.
Can you please check the weather for me?
In which city?
New York City, please.
There's a 37 percent chance of rain with an average temperature of 66 degrees Fahrenheit.
I would like to check the Bodega Bay weather for March 6th.
The temperature on average is 82 degrees F with a 19 percent chance of rain.
What about Long Beach?
The average temperature is 85 F with a 20 percent chance of rain.
What will the humidity and wind be like?
The humidity is about 27 % and wind 4 miles per hour.
What is the weather in Long Beach?
The average temperature is 80 degrees Fahrenheit with a 17 percent chance of rain.
Can you check the weather for me? I need to know what it will be like in Long beach, CA on the 3rd of March.
There is a 23 % chance of rain with the average temperature at 89 degrees.
What's the weather going to be like in Oakland on the 6th of March?
The forecast for that day is an average temperature of 90 degrees Fahrenheit with a 28 percent chance of rain.
What's the humidity like?
Humidity is expected to be about 43 percent.
How about the weather in SFO on the 4th of March?
The forecast for that day is an average temperature of 71 degrees Fahrenheit with a 16 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell me how the weather will be in Seattle on March 6th?
It will be around 64 degrees with a 27 percent chance of rain.
Can you check the weather in Rio Vista on 6th of March.
The average temperature will be 79 degrees Fahrenheit with a 21 percent chance of rain.
What about on March 7th in New York City?
The average temperature will be 65 degrees Fahrenheit with a 15 percent chance of rain.
What about the wind and humidity?
The humidity will be approximately 18 percent with a wind speed of 7 miles per hour.
I will be going to London, UK soon. Can you check the weather on March 4th?
The temperature will be around 87 degrees Fahrenheit with a 4 percent chance of rain.
How about the wind and the humidity?
The humidity will be around 16 percent and the wind will be at 1 mile per hour.
Can you check the weather on March 1st?
Which city?
Atlanta GA on March 11th.
It should be 87 degrees Fahrenheit with 0 percent chance of rain.
Hpw is the weather in Anaheim, CA?
A 29 percent chance of showers with a temperature average of 78.
I would like to check the weather in Nairobi March 4th.
The temperature on average is 88 degrees F there with a 1 percent chance of rain.
What will be the humidity and wind like?
The humidity will be about 15 % and the average wind speed 1 mile per hour.
What about in Philadelphia on the March 10th.
The average temperature would be about 91 degrees F with a 4 % chance of rain.
I need to check the weather in Toronto, Ontario
The average temperature for the day is 58 degrees fahrenheit. There is a 13 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy is it?
The humidity is around 25 percent and wind will be 9 miles per hour
Can you check the weather forecats for the March 10th
In which city?
Seattle, Wa please.
There is a 39 percent of rain with an average temperature of 69 degrees.
ok thanks.
Is there anything else i can do?
What is the weather in Delhi, India on the March 11th?
The average temperature is 103 degrees with a 7 percent chance of rain.
How windy? How humid?
The wind should be around 10 mph, the humidity about 19 percent.
Please check the weather in Sydney, Australia.
The average temperature is 94 degrees Fahrenheit with a 4 percent chance of rain.
What will the humidity be like?
The humidity will be 15 percent.
How is the weather in Washington?
The average temperature right now is around 75 degrees with a 13 percent chance of rain.
Please help me check the weather on March 4th.
Which city?
Nairobi please.
It's going to be 88 degrees Fahrenheit with 1 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy it's going to be?
Humidity is around 15 percent and wind speed should be 1 miles per hour.
Please can you check the weather forecast on 5th of this month?
Can I have the zip code for the city you are searching for?
Sorry, I don't know the zip code but please can you search for the city Paris, France. Is it windy?
The day is cloudy with a chance of 19 % rain and the average temperature would be 70 degrees Fahrenheit.
Is it humidity? If so, to what percent?
Yup, it's slightly humidity to around 55 percent.
I need your help to check the weather condition in El Cerrito on March 8th. Can you do it for me now?
Yes, please note that the average temperature level will be 90 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 5 % for rain fall there on that day.
That is useful information and thanks. Also please check the weather in Sacramento on the 5th.
Please note that the average temperature level will be 93 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 2 % for rain fall there on that day.
What about the Wind speed on the same day in the same place?
It will be around 12 miles per hour. Any more information you need on the weather condition.
Yes, let me know the Humidity level.
Humidity will be around 17 % on that day.
That's all I want on weather condition and thanks.
How can I help you further?
Check for me the weather in Toronto, Ontario.
For the day the average temperature should be 58 degrees Fahrenheit and 13 percent chance of rain.
I am interested in the weather in Nairobi for 9th of March.
The temperature should be 103 degrees Fahrenheit on average. There should be a 0 percent chance of rain.
How windy and humid will it be?
The humidity is about 15 percent. The average wind speed should be 7 miles an hour.
I would like to check the weather in Philadelphia on March 11th.
On that day, the average temperature should be 72 degrees Fahrenheit and have a 10 percent chance for rain.
How windy will it be?
The average wind speed should be 11 miles per hour.
Alright, how about on March 8th.
On that day, the average temperature should be 78 degrees Fahrenheit and there will be a 5 percent chance for rain.
tell weather in castro valley
average temperature is 91 degrees and 18 percent chance of rain
ho about portland on today
75 degrees there and 9 percent rain chance
how humid though?
16 percent there
how windy too?
13 miles per hour
I need to find out about the weather in Stinson Beach on the March 11th.
The average temperature should be 78 degrees Fahrenheit, and should be a 15 percent chance of rain.
Okay, how about Seattle, WA, on 13th of this month.
The average temperature for your selected date is expected to be 63 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 12 percent chance of rain.
I will be visiting my sister at Sydney, Australia on March 13th, can you please check the weather for me?
Sure. Upon checking, it says that there's a 5 percent chance of rain and the average temperature is 101 degrees Farenheit on that day. You should still bring an umbrella with you.
Do you think it is humid?
It says here that the humidity is around 20 %. Not that hot I think.
I prefer to go on flying kites, is it going to be windy?
I don't think its a good idea to fly a kite since the average speed wind on that day is just 7 miles per hour.
I need to check the weather in Anaheim, CA.
The average temperature for that day should be 78 degrees Fahrenheit, and there should be a 29 percent chance of rain.
can you check the weather in sd on March 6th?
the weather that day should be 80 degrees with a 6 percent chance of rain.
but how windy and humid will it be?
the humidity will be around 23 percent with an average wind speed of 1 mph.
Whats it like outside?
In what city?
Sacramento. Look up the weather for March 4th.
94 degree on average. It probably won't rain but there is still a 27 percent chance it will.
what's the weather in las vegas right now?
the average temperature today will be 84 degrees with an 18 percent chance of rain.
Okay cool.
is there anything else?
I wanna see the weather in delhi, india
temperature is 99 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 4 percent chance of rain.
how windy and humid is it>
humidity is 21 percent and wind seed is 8 miles per hour
how about on march 6th?
the temperature should be 93 degrees fahrenheit and 0 percent chance of rain
how about march 8th
temperature needs to be 98 degrees fahrenheit and 6 percent chance of rain
check weather in delhi, india
average temperature is 99 degrees and there is 4 percent rain chance
I wanna check the weather in ATL on the 13th of March
average temperature is 80 degrees fahrenheit and there is a 2 percent chance of it raining
Please can you find me a weather forecast for Nairobi, Kenya, on March 7th.
On that day, the average temperature should be 86 degrees Fahrenheit, with an 8 percent chance of rain.
Can you check the weather in Seattle, WA on today.
It should be an average of 74 degrees with a 32 percent chance of rain.
I want to know the weather.
What city's weather would you like to know?
The weather in Chicago.
The average day temperature is 73 degrees Fahrenheit with a 29 percent chance of precipitation.
I like to check the weather on march 5th.
On which city you like to check the weather?
I want to check weather in KL.
100 degrees Fahrenheit is the average temperature for the day and 5 percent chances of rain fall.
Will you check the weather in El Cerrito on the 12th?
Average temperature is 88 degrees with 18 percent chance of rain.
NYC?
Average temperature is 70 degrees with 4 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy?
Humidity is 17 percent and average wind speed is 7 miles per hour.
I need to check what the weather's like in Anaheim, Ca.
No problem. The average temperature in Anaheim for the day is 78 degrees Fahrenheit with a 29 percent chance of rain.
Will you check the weather in Sacramento, CA on March 7th?
Average temperature is 80 degrees with 22 percent chance of rain.
Can you check the weather for March 2nd?
Which city do you want to check?
I would like to check the weather in Washington D.C. please.
The average temperature will be 82 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
Will there be wind and humidity?
There will be around 16 percent humidity with an average wind speed of 6 miles per hour that day.
Can you check the weather in Los Angeles on 9th of this month?
It's 94 degrees Fahrenheit and there is 13 percent chance of rain.
How windy and humid it's going to be?
Humidity is around 20 percent and the average wind speed should be 9 miles per hour.
What is the weather going to be like in Toronto, Ontario on the the 9th?
It should be 67 degrees fahrenheit with 0 percent chance of rain.
And how windy?
About 10 miles per hour.
That sounds ok.
Would you like anything else?
I would like to check the weather in Sacramento on March 10th.
The temperature for that day should be 90 degrees fahrenheit on average with a 6 percent chance of rain.
I want to see the weather in LAX for the 3rd.
The average temperature is 89 degrees for that day. There is a 0 percent chance of rain.
Tell me what the weather will be in Fairfield on the March 8th.
The temperature will be 92 degrees with a 28 percent chance of rain.
What will the weather be on the 12th of this month?
The temperature will be 82 degrees with only a 7 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity level and the wind speed?
The humidity will hover around 23 percent with the wind averaging 9 miles per hour.
Tell me the weather in Fresno, CA.
The temperature will average 73 degrees with a 13 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell me the weather in Paris, France?
Sure. The average for the day is 77 degrees, and there's a 26 percent chance it will rain.
What about the humidity?
32 percent.
And the wind?
7 miles an hour.
What's the weather forecast for 14th of this month?
In which location should I check the weather forecast?
Please check in London.
The expected average temperature for the day is 81 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 14 percent chance of rain.
I want to check the weather condition on March 8th for which I need our help.
Do you have any preferred City in your mind to search for the Weather condition on that day?
Search it in Vegas.
The Temperature level will be 76 degrees Fahrenheit and there will be 17 % chances for rain fall there on that day.
I want to check the Weather condition on a particular date which is the 13th. Please help me to check the same.
Do you want to check the weather condition in any particular City that you have in your mind. Please tell me the same to check for.
Check it in Chicago.
please note that the average temperature level will be 65 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 37 % for rain fall there on that day.
I'd like to find out the weather in LA on March 3rd.
The average temperature in LA for that day should be 89 degrees F with a 0 % chance of rain.
Sure, that sounds right.
Did you need help with anything else?
What's the weather like in Nairobi, Kenya?
The average temperature is hot! 105 degrees Fahrenheit with 0 chance of rain
What's the weather on March 10th?
In which city?
Check in Toronto.
The average temperature will 73 degrees and there will be a 26 percent chance of rain.
Can you see what the weather will be in Delhi, India on the 6th of March?
Sure, the average temperature will be 93 degrees with a 0 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy do you know?
The wind will be about 7 miles an hour average.
What will the weather be on March 6th in New York?
There is a 26 percent chance of rain that day with an average temperature of 64 degrees.
I want to check about weather condition in a particular area for which I need your help to check the exact level.
Do you have any particular area in your mind to which you need to check the weather condition?
Yes, I want to check it for Paris on particular date that is March 13th. Hope this information enough to search.
Yes, please note that the average Temperature level will be 88 degrees Fahrenheit and 23 % chances for rain fall there on that particular day.
I want to check the weather Condition on March 14th. Can you help me to check the same.
Yes, will check for the same for that day. Do you have any particular City in your mind for which you need to check the weather?
Check it in SF.
The average temperature level will be 93 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 12 % for rain fall there on that day.
Can you tell me the weather forecast for March 5th?
In which city?
Check in Moraga.
It is expected to average 77 degrees with a 6 percent chance of rain.
Is it supposed to be humid or windy?
Humidity is expected to be 24 percent and wind speeds 1 mile per hour.
Can you also check Atlanta on the March 6th.
It is expected to average 87 degrees with a 25 percent chance of rain.
What's the weather going to be like on March 12th?
What city would like to know the weather for?
I want to know the weather for Las Vegas.
The temperature average for the day will be 84 degrees Fahrenheit and there will be a 7 percent chance for rain.
What's the humidity and wind going to be like?
The humidity will be around 22 percent and the wind speed will average at 1 mile per hour.
I need to know the weather, please.
In which city would you like me to check the weather?
The weather in Fresno for March 6th, please.
The average temperature will by 71 degrees with a 1 percent chance of rain in Fresno.
How humid do you think it'll be?
Humidity levels will be around 16 percent.
How windy will it be?
Wind speed will have an average of 3 miles per hour.
Can you please check the weather for me on this Sunday in Bay Point?
There's a 20 percent change of rain with an average temperature of 72 degrees Fahrenheit.
OK. Please check also for Long Beach on March 12th.
There's a 26 percent change of rain with an average temperature of 90 degrees Fahrenheit.
Is it going to be humid?
No. The humidity is forecasted at 4 percent.
I need the weather for Sydney for March 12th.
The temperature in Sydney for March 12th should be around 101 degrees Fahrenheit. There is also a 2 percent chance of rain.
Will you check the weather in Nairobi on March 12th?
Average temperature is 103 degrees with 9 percent chance of rain.
Humidity?
28 percent.
That's fine.
Anything else?
I would like to get the weather forecast.
What city do you need the forecast for?
Search in Portland.
The average temperature for the day should be 75 degrees Fahrenheit along with a 9 percent chance of rain.
Okay, then.
Do you need something else?
Please check the weather.
Which city you want?
I want KL on March 14th.
It's going to be 100 degrees Fahrenheit with 5 percent chance of rain.
How windy it is?
It should be 9 miles per hour.
I want to see how the weather is in Philadelphia on March 3rd.
From what I can see the average temperature for the requested day in Philadelphia will be 85 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 21 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell me the humidity level there?
The humidity level is expected to be 41 percent.
Hi, could you help me check the weather on 5th of this month please?
Sure, where would you like me to check at?
In Moraga, please.
The average temperature should be 77 degrees Fahrenheit with a 6 percent chance of rain.
Sure, how about in LA?
The average temperature should be 87 degrees Fahrenheit with a 12 percent chance of rain.
What's the weather like in Fresno, Ca?
It's 72 degrees fahrenheit with a 2 % chance of rain
Could you check the forecasted weather in San Diego on 12th of this month?
Sure. That day will have a 10 percent chance of rain, and the average temperature will be 90 degrees Fahrenheit.
Could you give me the wind and humidity forecast too?
Average wind speed will be 5 miles per hour. Humidity is expected to hang around 27 percent.
What will the weather be like in London on March 14th?
The temperature should be 81 degrees with a 14 percent chance of rain.
Could you give me the weather forecast for March 7th?
For what city please?
In Portland please.
In Portland, the chance of rain is 32 percent with a temperature of 72 degrees Fahrenheit.
I would like you to check the weather for March 5th.
What city should I check?
check Inverness.
The temperature on average should be 77 degrees fahrenheit with a 7 percent chance of rain.
Could you check the weather in New York on March 10th?
The average temperature will be 59 degrees fahrenheit with a 0 percent chance of rain.
Can you please check the weather for 13th of this month?
Sure, in which city?
Tiburon but check for the March 10th.
There's a 15 percent change of rain with an average temperature of 85 degrees Fahrenheit.
OK. Now please check for San Francisco.
There a 12 percent chance of rain with an average temperature of 93 degrees Fahrenheit.
I want to check the weather condition in Atlanta on March 7th for which I need your help.
The average temperature level will be 83 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 26 % for rain fall there on that day.
Hello! On March 11th, please may I know how the weather will be?
To which location you wish to know the weather forecast?
Please check for SD.
Sure. It's mostly sunny and there is a less chance of 5 percent rain and the average temperature of the day will be around 88 degrees Fahrenheit.
Thank you so much for the information you provided.
Do you need any other details?
Please check the weather in LA for me
Current weather in LA is 76 degree with 28 percent chance of raining
Hello! Can you tell me the weather forecast for SD on March 4th, for I've to travel for a trip?
Yup, the probability of raining is 7 percent and the average temperature would be 75 degrees Fahrenheit.
Is the day going to be windy or sunny or cloudy?
There will be an average wind speed of 9 miles per hour for the day.
What will be the expected humidity on March 4th?
It would be around 18 percent.
What will the weather be like in Toronto, Canada on 1st of March?
The average daytime temperature should be around 58 degrees and there is a 13 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy?
The average wind speed will be around 9 miles per hour.
Tell me what the weather's like in Long Beach, CA.
The average temperature for the day will be around 80 degrees Fahrenheit with a 17 percent chance of rain.
How windy and humid is it going to be?
The humidity should be around 40 percent with wind speeds around 2 miles per hour.
Can you check the weather in Portland on March 11th for me?
There is a 42 percent chance of rain with average temperature of 63 degrees.
Does it give the expected humidity and wind speed?
Humidity is only around 38 percent. Wind speed forecast at 7 mph
Thank you for your help
Is there anything else I can do?
I'd like to check the New York weather for the 11th of March.
That day we'll have an average temperature of 65 degrees Fahrenheit and the chance of rain will be 34 percent.
I'd like to check the weather please.
What city would you like to check the weather for?
Please can you tell me the weather in Long Beach.
The average daytime temperature is around 80 degrees and there is a 17 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy there?
The average wind speed is likely to be 2 miles per hour.
I need to check the March 1st for weather please.
Which city are you looking in?
The San Carlos weather.
The average temp is 90 degrees and there is an 8 percent chance of percipitation.
How about in LAX
The average temp is 76 degrees with a 28 percent chance of percipitation.
I would like to know something about the weather
Where do you want me to look?
The place is nairobi, kenya
Well then. The temperature is around 105 degrees fahrenheit and the probability of rain is 0 percent
I want to check the weather on the March 13th in SD.
on that day the average temperature will be 75 degrees Fahrenheit there is a 19 percent chance of rain.
I need to check the weather for 3rd of this month.
What city should I check?
Newark.
The temperature should be 87 degrees with a 12 percent chance of rain.
Okay, how about Anaheim on the March 14th?
The temperature should be 88 degrees with a 20 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy will it be?
The average wind speed should be about 6 miles per hour and the humidity is around 44 %.
I need the weather for San Diego on March 3rd.
It will be 82 degrees with a 7 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be?
The wind speed is 11 miles per hour.
How about Portland on March 4th?
The temperature will be 68 degrees with an 18 percent chance of rain.
I want to know how the weather will be on 9th of March.
Can you tell me the city where you want to check the weather?
I want to check the weather in ATL.
The average temperature in ATL for the day is expected to be 93 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 18 percent chance of rain.
What's the weather like in Portland?
75 degree average temps with a 9 percent chance of showers.
I need to find out the weather in Bodega Bay for the 9th.
The average temperature for Bodega Bay that day should be 74 degrees F with a 14 % chance of rain.
What is the humidity expected to be?
The humidity should be around 16 percent.
OK, what about the weather for Paris on the 11th of this month?
The average temp in Paris that day should be 93 degrees F with a 24 % chance of rain.
I would like information on the weather
In which city?
I need information about Atlanta, GA
Average temperature: 86 degrees Fahrenheit. Chance of rain: 28 percent
I'd like to check the weather.
Sure thing. In which city would you like to check the weather?
Tell me the weather in Atlanta, GA.
Okay. The average temperature for the day is 86 degrees Fahrenheit with a 28 percent chance of rain.
Get me the weather for March 12th.
For what city?
For SD.
The weather shows an average temperature of 90 degrees Fahrenheit with a 10 percent chance of rain.
Please check the weather on March 2nd at Pinole
There is a 14 % rain chance and the temperature will be 74 degrees
ok, how about on March 4th in SD
There is a 7 % rain chance and the temperature will be 75 degrees
I would like the forecast in Kuala Lumpur for March 12th please.
It will be around 98 degrees Fahrenheit with a 4 percent possibility of precipitation that day.
What will the weather be on the next Monday in Vancouver?
It will be 58 degrees with a 49 percent chance of precipitation.
What is the humidity and wind speed?
Humidity will be 54 per cent and the wind will gust at 8 miles per hour.
I want to check the weather condition for the date 3rd of March. Can you help me to check the same.
In which Area, I have to check the weather condition on that day.
Check it in Paris.
please note that the average temperature level will be 93 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 6 % for rain fall there on that day.
What about Humidity and Wind Speed level there on that day?
Humidity is around 18 % and the wind speed will be 4 miles per hour in average.
Tell me what the weather will be on the March 1st.
What city do you want to know the weather in?
I want to know the weather in the District of Columbia.
The temperature will be 75 degrees with a 13 percent chance of precipitation.
What is the humidity level?
Humidity will hover around 36 percent.
What's the weather going to be like Delhi on March 12th?
It'll be around 96 degrees Fahrenheit with a 2 percent chance of rain.
Is it going to be windy or humid?
Wind speeds will be around only 1 mile per hour, and the humidity is going to be about 15 percent.
what's the weather gonna be like in sydney on march 5th?
the temperature should be 96 degrees with a 5 percent chance of rain.
how humid and windy will it be?
the humidity will be around 21 percent and the wind should be 11 miles per hour.
What is the weather forecast for New York on the March 6th?
The average temperature is forecasted to be 64 degrees with a 26 percent chance of rain that day.
Can you check the weather for me?
Which city do you want me to check for?
I would like to know the weather in Paris.
The expected average temperature will be 77 degree Fahrenheit with 26 percent chance of rain.
I'd like to check the weather for March 5th.
In which city should I check the weather in on that date?
Check Seattle, please.
The average temperature in Seattle on that day will be 61 degrees with a 18 percent chance of rain.
How windy do you think it'll be?
Wind speed is at an average of 15 miles per hour.
I need to check the Vancouver weather on the 5th of March please.
The average temperature is 62 and there will be a 56 percent chance of rain.
I want to check the weather condition particularly on March 7th. Can you check it for me?
Yes, I can. Is there any particular City in your mind to search for the weather condition?
Yes, check it in Nairobi, Kenya.
Temperature level will be 86 degrees Fahrenheit in average and there will be 8 % chances for rain fall on that day.
What about humidity?
It will be around 23 %.
I'd like check the weather for 14th of this month.
In what city?
Portland, make it for the March 3rd.
The temperature should average 70 degrees with a 22 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy?
Wind speed should average 5 miles per hour.
What about the humidity?
Around 10 percent.
Verify weather conditions for Long Beach, CA on the March 2nd.
Sure, average temperature will be around 77 degrees that day. Be advised there will be a 15 percent chance of rain.
What is the weather on March 10th in Gilroy
The average temperature is 72 degrees Fahrenheit and 18 percent chance of rain
What about the wind and humidity?
The average wind speed is 1 miles per hour and humidity around 28 percent
What about in London, England?
the average temperature is 92 degrees Fahrenheit and 6 percent chance of rain
What about Saturday this week
the average temperature is 80 degrees Fahrenheit and 18 percent chance of rain
Could you tell me the weather in Paris please?
Today's average temperature in Paris is 77 degrees Fahrenheit and the chance of rain is 26 percent.
What's the humidity and how windy will it get?
It is 32 percent humidity with a wind speed averaging 7 miles per hour.
Get the current weather please.
I would love to. Which city should I check?
New Delhi please.
Sure thing, Average daily temperature in New Delhi is 99 degrees. Please be advised there is a 4 percent chance of rain.
Find out wind factor.
you should expect about 8 miles per hour.
Alright, What about on the March 11th.
Average temperature is 103 degrees. There is a 7 percent chance of rain.
I want to verify the weather condition on the 5th.
In which city do you need to check the weather?
Weather at Vancouver, BC on March 8th.
The average temperature is 64 degree Fahrenheit. 24 percentage of possibility of rain.
What is the humid is expected? How windy it is?
The average wind speed is 9 miles per hour and the humidity is around 8 percent.
I would like to know what's the weather like
Where do you want me to look?
The city is Phoenix
The temperature is 89 degrees Fahrenheit and the chance of rain is 15 percent
I want to check the weather condition in particular area like San Rafael. Can you check it for me?
The average temperature level will be 80 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 2 % for rain fall there on that day.
Also check the Weather condition in Nairobi, Kenya on Saturday this week.
please note that the average temperature level will be 86 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 6 % for rain fall there on that day.
What about the Humidity level in that area on that day?
The Humidity is around 20 %.
What will be the Wind speed on that day.
The average wind speed will be around 2 miles per hour.
Whats the weather like in London, UK
The temperature is expected to be 81 degrees with a 23 percent chance of rain
What about wind and humidity?
Wind speed is expected at 10 miles per hour with 35 percent humidity
Can you tell me the weather?
For what city?
I need the weather for San Fran.
The temperature is suppose to be 91 degrees with a 29 percent chance for rain.
How windy and humid will it be?
The wind speeds will get up to 2 miles per hour and th humidity is 49 percent.
Can you help me check the weather in DC as I will be travelling there?
The temperature for the day is 75 degrees Fahrenheit with a 13 percent chance of rain.
Can you check the weather.
For which city?
Please check Delhi.
The average temperature will be 99 degrees Fahrenheit with a 4 percent chance of rain.
Could you please check the weather forecast in Toronto, Ontario.
There is a 13 % chance of rain and the average temp will be 58 degrees fahrenheit.
Will it be windy or humid?
about 25 % humidity and the ave wind speed will be 9 mph.
Will you be my weather checker, please?
Sure, what city's weather do you want to know about?
New York City is where it's at!
Okay. The weather is forecasted as 37 percent rain and 66 degrees for the temperature average during the day.
I need to check the weather.
What city should i check?
San fran.
it looks like it'll be 91 degrees with a 29 % chance of rain.
Okay, thanks.
Do you need anything else?
What the weather like in Philadelphia, on March 1st?
81 degrees is the average. You have only an 8 percent chance of rain.
Will my new hairdo survive the conditions.
Well, the wind will be blowing at only 4 mph.
But humidity affect this do too.
That will come in at 23 percent.
My trip is coming up soon. Can you check the weather for me in Portland, OR?
Sure - looks like the average will be 75 degrees Fahrenheit with a 9 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell how the weather is going to be on the March 2nd in Fresno, CA?
The temperature wll reach 85 degrees with a 13 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy is it going to be?
The wind speeds will reach 11 miles per hour with the humidity level at 25 percent.
Can you check weather for the March 12th?
What city do you want?
The city is Portland, OR.
The temp is 72 degrees and 16 percent chance of rain.
How windy and how humid?
The wind is 11 miles per hour and the humidity is 30 %.
I want to know how the weather will be on the 8th in Nairobi.
From what I can see the weather in Nairobi for your requested date should be 100 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 2 percent chance of raining.
What are the weather conditions in SD on 7th of March?
The temp will be about 90 degrees and there's only a 17 % chance of rain.
What do you think the humidity will be there?
It'll be normal, around 36 percent.
What's the weather like in London?
The average temperature today is 81 degrees Fahrenheit with a 23 percent chance of rain
Will it be humid?
Today's humidity is about 35 percent
Will it be windy?
The forecast is for an average wind speed of 10 miles per house
Please check the weather in New York.
Todays average temperature is 66 degrees faranheit and there is 37 percent chance of rain.
What is the expected humidity and will it be windy?
Winds average 12 miles per hour and there is 41 percent humidity.
Could you check the weather forecast for 5th of this month?
Which city's weather forecast would you like?
Santa Clara, on 13th of March.
The expected average temperature is 78 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 3 percent chance of rain.
All right, thanks. What about in Chicago?
The expected average temperature is 65 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 37 percent chance of rain.
How about the wind speed?
The expected average wind speed is 5 miles per hour.
What is the weather in NYC on March 9th.
The average temperature is 70 degrees and there is a 38 percent chance of rain.
Tell me what the weather is right now.
What city shall I look in?
Tell me the weather in New York City.
It is 66 degrees with a 37 percent chance of rain.
The last thing I have to do for my wedding is make the honeymoon reservations. Can you tell me what the weather is going to be like on March 5th in Delhi.
As of right now the radar says that it will be 90 degrees Fahrenheit with a 7 percent chance of rain.
Do you know if there will be high winds?
Currently the wind is predicted to be only 4 miles per hour.
What about the humidity?
Currently the expected humidity is 21 percent.
Can you tell me the weather?
What city would you like to hear the weather for?
I want to know how the weather will be in Atlanta on the March 10th.
I am showing the temperature will be 88 degrees with a 19 percent chance for rain that day in Atlanta.
Can you tell me how windy and humid it will be there that day?
The wind speed will only be 9 milers per hour and the humidity will be 27 percent.
I need weather for Novato on March 5th.
It's going to be about 79 degrees. There is a small chance, 11 %, of rain.
Well, what about the 8th in New Delhi.
The average temp there is usually 98 Degrees for that day and a small 6 percent chance of rain.
Will you check the weather in Chicago?
Average temperature is 73 degrees with 29 percent chance of rain.
Tell me what the weather is like on the March 12th.
What city would you like to check the weather in?
I want to check the weather in New Delhi, and it's actually for March 3rd.
The temperature will be 92 degrees Fahrenheit as an average for the day and there will be a 2 percent chance of rain.
Alright, what about the weather in Atlanta, GA?
The temperature will be 76 degrees Fahrenheit as an average for the day and there will be a 9 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell me what the humidity and wind will be like?
Wind will average 9 miles per hour and humidity will be around 27 percent.
Hey! Please can you tell me what's the present weather condition?
Sure! Give me your zip code or otherwise give me the city name?
Please can you check how the weather is in Toronto.
Here is the details - There is a probability of 13 % rain and the average temperature for the normal day will be 58 degrees Fahrenheit
Check the weather in Phoenix, AZ.
The temp is 89 F and there is a 15 % chance of rain.
Thank for the info.
Is there anything else?
I will be meeting a friend in Seattle on March 10th, please check the weather for me.
There's a 39 percent chance of rain that day and the average temperature is 69 degrees. I may suggest for you and your friend to bring an umbrella.
I would like to check the weather for March 1st.
What city would you like to check the weahter forecast for?
Check Seattle.
The average temperature for March 1st will be around 74 degrees Fahrenheit with a 32 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell me what the weather is in New York City?
The average temperature should be 66 degrees Fahrenheit with a 37 percent chance of rain.
Please check weather for March 2nd.
What city do you want?
The city is Toronto.
The temperature is 60 degrees with a 20 percent chance of rain.
what is the weather
what city are you looking
search in vancouver, bc
it is currently 75 degree with 15 % chance of rain in vancouver, bc
Can you check the weather for me for March 5th.
Sure, for which city?
For London, please.
There's a 28 percent chance of rain with and expected average of around 94 degrees Fahrenheit.
Will you check the weather on March 7th in Portland?
Average temperature is 72 degrees with 32 percent chance of rain.
I want to check the weather for March 11th.
In what city?
Nairobi, Kenya please.
The average temperature for that day is 89 degrees and there is a 3 percent chance of rain.
what is the weather in washington on Friday next week
weather on March 8th 2019 is 84 degrees with 4 percent chance of rain
Can you check the weather in Kuala Lumpur on the March 13th?
The average for the day should be 97 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
I would like to see what the weather will be like in March 14th.
What location are you looking for the weather forecast in?
Check Paris.
The temperature that day should be 76 degrees Fahrenheit on average. There is a 14 percent chance that it will rain.
Hello! Please can you check the weather forecast?
For which city, you wish to know?
Please check for Philly.
There is a probability of 8 % rain and the average temperature will be 81 degrees Fahrenheit for the normal day.
Whats the weather like in Las Vegas?
Its 84 degrees on average. Chance of rain is 18 percent.
Can you please check the weather for me in Fresno, CA on 1st of this month?
There's a 2 percent chance of rain with an average temperature of 72 degrees Fahrenheit.
Perfect, thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
What's the weather going to be on next Tuesday?
For which city?
Check the weather in LAX
The average temperature there will be 87 degrees Fahrenheit with a 12 percent chance of rain
I need to find out the weather in Toronto, Ontario.
The average temperature in Toronto for the day should be 58 degrees F with a 13 % chance of rain.
What's the weather in LA like on the March 14th?
It should be around 86 degrees Fahrenheit. There's a 17 percent chance it rains.
How humid will it be?
Humidity will be around 29 percent.
What about on the 1st of March?
It will be around 76 degrees Fahrenheit. There's a 28 percent chance it rains.
How windy will it be? How humid will it be?
Wind speed should be around 4 miles an hour. Humidity will be around 75 percent.
Hey, can you tell me the weather on the March 4th?
Sure, what city is that for?
For Sydney, NSW. Actually please change the date to March 10th.
Sure, the average temperature will be around 92 degrees with a 5 percent chance of rain.
Great, how windy and humid will it be?
The wind speed will sit at around 1 mile per hour, while the humidity will be roughly 20 percent.
I want to check the weather condition in Washington for the date 1st of March. Can you help me to check the same?
Yes, please note that the average temperature level will be 75 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 13 % for rain fall there on that day.
What about the Humidity in that area?
Humidity will be around 36 %. What else you want to know about the weather?
Let me know about the Wind speed on that date in that area.
The wind speed will be around 6 miles per hour in average.
I need to know what the weather is like.
For which city?
For Las Vegas.
It is 84 degrees Fahrenheit with 18 percent chance of rain.
What about Portland, OR?
It is 75 degrees Fahrenheit with a 9 percent chance of rainfall.
Ok, that's not too bad.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Here's something for you to look up. What's the weather going to be in Nairobi on March 1st, I'd be pleased to know?
I'm showing 0 percent rain forecasted with an average temperature of 105 degree during the day.
Okay, and what's the wind going to be like?
There's a 7 mile per hour wind speed forecasted.
Nice, and what's the humidity going to be?
There is a 15 percent humidity forecast.
Check for me the weather on March 5th in Phoenix.
For the day the average temperature should be 73 degrees Fahrenheit and a 12 percent chance of rain.
Humidity how will be?
Will be around 31 percent.
Sure is good.
Anything else I can do?
I will be travelling soon, I need to know how the weather will be.
In which city do you want to check the weather?
Please check in Paris, France.
The temperature should be around 77 degree Fahrenheit with a 26 percent chance of rain.
I would like weather information in Sydney
Average temperature: 94 degrees Fahrenheit. Chance of rain: 4 percent
Will it be a wet day?
Expected humidity: about 15 percent
Give me the weather report for March 6th please.
What city should I find out?
I want you to look in Phoenix
It will average a temperature of 88 degrees Fahrenheit in the day and it has a 29 percent chance of raining.
What is the wind like?
The wind speed will average on 3 miles an hour.
What is the humidity going to be?
It will be 43 percent humid.
What's it like outside in LA?
Well, around 76 degrees, and there is only a 28 percent chance of rain, so pretty neat.
What's the humidity like though?
It's around 75 %.
I would like to check the weather on Saturday this week in San Francisco.
The temperature should be 72 degrees and there is a 15 percent chance of rain.
I would like the weather report.
What city would you like?
The city is New Delhi.
The average temperature is 99 F and 4 percent rain chance.
Tell me what the weather will be in Paris on March 1st.
There is an average temperature of 77 degrees with a 26 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity and wind speed?
The humidity is 32 percent and the wind is at 7 miles per hour.
I want to check the weather on March 10th.
What city are you checking for?
I want to check this Sunday in Sausalito.
The average for the day is 90 degrees Fahrenheit with an 18 percent chance of rain.
What about in LA?
The average temperature for the day is 89 degrees Fahrenheit with a 0 percent chance of rain.
Is it going to be humid or windy?
The wind speed will be about 8 miles per hour and the humidity around 15 percent.
I would like to know how the weather will be.
Can you tell me the city where I should check the weather?
I want to know how the weather will be in Paris.
The average temperature for the day in Paris is expected to be 77 degrees Fahrenheit, with a chance of 26 percent of raining.
Can you help me check the weather please
What city are you looking at?
How about in LA
It's gonna be 76 degrees with a 28 % chance of rain
How humid is it gonna be?
Around 75 %, pretty high!
What will the weather be like in Philly on the 5th of this month?
The temperature should be 76 degrees with a 29 % chance of rain.
I need to check the weather for March 2nd
In which city would you like to check weather in?
In Washington please.
The average temperature that day is 82 degrees Fahrenheit and has a 1 percent chance for rain.
How windy will it be? Also, how humid will it be?
The average wind speed should be 6 miles per hour and humidity is about 16 percent.
I need the weather for the Tuesday next week please.
In which city?
I need the Seattle, WA weather.
The average temperature for the day will be 61 degrees and there will be an 18 percent chance of rain.
I want to check the weather condition on the a particular date that is March 9th for which I need your help.
Do you have any particular city in you mind to search for the weather condition?
Yes, search it in Sausalito.
please note that the average temperature level will be 75 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 11 % for rain fall there on that day.
Check it on March 5th in Sydney, Australia.
the average temperature level will be 96 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 5 % for rain fall there on that day.
I would like to find out the weather on March 10th.
What city would you like to know the weather for?
San Fran, please.
The average temperature will be 93 degrees and there's a 12 percent chance of rain.
Awesome. How about on Saturday this week in Sydney?
The average temperature for that day will be 101 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 2 percent chance of rain.
I need to check the weather in Portland, OR.
Okay no problem. The average temperature in Portland for the day should be around 75 degrees Fahrenheit with a 9 percent chance of rain.
Can you check weather in Seattle, WA?
The temperature is 74 degrees with a 32 percent chance of rain.
Thanks for the info.
Is there anything else?
I want to know how the weather will be in Nairobi.
The average temperature for the day in Nairobi should be 105 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 0 percent chance of raining.
Can you get me the weather for New York for 5th of this month?
The weather shows an average temperature of 73 degrees Fahrenheit with a 51 percent chance of rain.
What's the weather forecast for March 6th?
Which city's weather forecast would you like to know?
Please check the weather forecast for Vancouver, BC
The expected average temperature for the day is 70 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 27 percent chance of rain.
Can you look up the weather for Phoenix, AZ on March 10th?
The temperature will be 80 degrees with a 19 percent chance for rain.
I need the weather for March 14th.
What city do you want?
The city is Geyserville.
The temperature will be 77 and there is a 23 percent chance of rain.
How windy and humid will it be?
Wind is 1 mile per hour and humidity is 27 percent.
How about the March 5th?
The temperature will be 76 and there is a 1 percent chance of rain.
How about in ATL?
The temperature will be 82 and there is an 18 percent chance of rain.
What's the weather going to be like on the March 4th?
Where do you want the weather for?
I want the weather for the next Friday in Sacramento, CA.
The forecast is for an average temperature of 85 degrees Fahrenheit with a 21 percent chance of rain.
What is the weather like in Portland?
It is 75 degrees Fahrenheit with 9 percent chance of rain.
Hi, I'd like to know the weather in Chi-town.
The temperature should be around 73 degrees Fahrenheit with a 29 percent chance of rain.
Okay, what will the humidity be like?
It will be about 29 percent.
Please tell me the weather in Portland, OR.
There is a 9 percent chance of rain, with an average temp of 75 degrees Fahrenheit.
I want to see the weather in Phoenix on the day of 11th of March.
The average temperature should be 86 degrees Fahrenheit. There is an 8 percent chance of rain.
please check the weather in sacramento for me
it is currently 82 degrees with 26 percent chance of rain
Please check the weather for me.
Which city's weather should I check?
Please check Anaheim on March 5th .
The expected average temperature for the day is 75 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 4 percent chance of rain.
What is the expected wind speed?
An average wind speed of 10 miles per hour is expected.
I need to make some last minute plans for my trip. Can you check the weather real quick?
Sure, in what city?
I'm going to London, England.
The average temperature will be 81 degrees Fahrenheit with a 23 percent chance of rain.
What will the weather be like in Toronto, Canada on the 11th of March?
59 degrees on average with only a 28 percent chance of rain.
And the humidity?
Around 9 percent.
Will it be windy?
Wind speed is usually around 11 mph.
What about MArch 12th.
We're talking 64 degrees on average then. Don't worry about rain. Only 1 percent chance.
What's the forecast for March 6th?
In which city?
Washington D.C.
Average of 80 degrees and 29 percent chance of rain.
Check the weather on March 13th
Which city should I search for?
Check it in DC
The temperature would be around 79 degrees with 28 percent chance of rain
What's the weather?
What city do you want weather details for?
Weather in Fresno, please.
The average temperature will be 72 degrees Fahrenheit. The chance of rain is 2 percent.
What will the weather be like in Vegas on the 13th?
Average temperature: 73 degrees Fahrenheit. Chance of rain: 14 percent
Ok, thanks. What will the weather be like on Monday next week?
Average temperature: 77 degrees Fahrenheit. Chance of rain: 15 percent
What is the weather in Sacramento?
The temperature will average 82 degrees Farenheit and there is a 26 percent chance of rain.
What is the expected humidity and wind speeds?
The wind will average 7 miles per hour and the humidity will be 27 percent.
Phoenix forecast.
Average of 89 F and 15 percent chance of rain.
Can you help me check the weather?
In what city do you want to check the weather?
I would like to know the weather in Vancouver, BC for the today.
The temperature is expected to be 75 degrees, however there is a 15 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy will it be?
The humidity is low at 19 percent and winds are light at 8 miles per hour.
Can you check the weather on March 1st in Fresno?
It should be 72 degrees and there is a 2 percent chance of rain.
How windy will the day be?
The wind should be around 10 miles per hour.
I'd like to check the weather forecast for March 6th in Phoenix, AZ.
It is predicted to be 88 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 29 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell me what the humidity and wind will be?
Humidity is projected to be 43 percent with an average wind speed of 3 miles per hour.
What is he weather like on March 9th?
In which city should I search?
I would like to know the weather in Vegas.
The weather should be 86 degrees with a 4 percent chance of rain.
How humid is the day like and is it windy?
It's 20 percent humidity and the wind is 6 miles per hour.
Can you check the weather for me?
Yes. In which city?
Please check KL on March 11th.
There is a 2 percent chance of rain. Tempertaure for the day is 99 degrees!
What about humidity?
It appears the humidity will be baout 16 percent.
What's the weather going to be like in Portland, OR on March 12th?
It'll be around 72 degrees Fahrenheit with a 16 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy or humdid at all?
Humidity levels will be about 30 percent, and wind speeds are going to be about 11 miles per hour.
I might be going to NYC soon, can you check the weather?
The temperature is 66 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 37 percent chance of rain.
How will the humidity be?
It will be around 41 percent.
What will the weather be like in Kuala Lumpur on March 3rd?
The average temperature for the day is forecast to be 93 degrees Fahrenheit, with an 8 percent chance of rain.
Will it be very windy?
The forecast wind speed is 9 miles per hour.
Hi, I need to see what the weather is like in Mountain View.
In Mountain View it will be about 91 degrees Fahrenheit with a 9 percent chance of precipitation.
Great, can you check the weather in SD on March 5th?
In SD it will be 84 degrees fahrenheit with an 8 percent chance of rain.
Okay, how windy will it be there?
The wind will average about 4 miles per hour.
Great, will it be humid?
The humidity is expected to be 21 percent.
I need to check the weather on the March 8th.
In which city?
In Atlanta, GA please.
The average temperature will be 79 degrees with a 12 percent chance of rain.
Okay, thanks.
Can I do anything else for you?
Hi, I'd like to check the weather in Portland, OR on March 6th.
Sure, the average temperature that day is 73 degrees Fahreneheit with a 7 percent chance of rain.
I want to know how the weather will be in LAX on March 1st.
From what I can see the temperature for your requested day will be 76 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 28 percent chance that it will rain.
Can you tell me how windy is going to be there? Also please tell me the humidity level.
The humidity level is expected to be around 75 percent, and the wind speed should average at about 4 miles per hour.
What will the weather in London be on March 4th?
The average temperature will be 87 degree Fahrenheit with a 4 percent chance of rain.
What about on March 2nd?
The average temperature will be 80 degrees Fahrenheit with an 18 percent chance of rain.
What will the wind and humidity be like?
The humidity will be 28 percent and the wind speed will be 6 miles per hour.
I would like to check the weather forecast for March 7th in San Francisco.
There is a 9 % chance of rain and the ave temp will be 74 degrees fahrenheit.
Will it be humid?
About 17 % humidity.
What is the weather?
What city?
Sydney, NSW, Australia
The average temperature is 94 degrees with a 4 percent chance of rain.
I want to check the weather condition on March 13th and I need your help in this regard.
Do you have any particular city in your mind to check for weather?
Yes, I need to search it in Kuala Lumpur.
The level of temperature will be 97 degrees Fahrenheit in average and there will be 1 % chance for rain fall there on that day.
What will the weather be like in Atherton on 3rd of March?
It will be 90 degrees Fahrenheit with a 12 percent chance of rain that day.
Will there be any humidity that day?
There will be 24 percent humidity.
Will it be windy at all on that day?
12 miles per hour will be the average wind speed for that day.
What will the weather be like on March 4th in Delhi, India?
It will be 97 degrees Fahrenheit with an 8 percent chance of rain on that day.
What will the weather be Tuesday next week?
For what city?
For ATL!
The temperature will be 82 degree with a 18 perent chance for rain.
I want to check the weather condition in New York on March 13th for which I need your help.
Temperature level will be 59 degrees Fahrenheit in average and there may be a chance of 33 % for rain fall.
How will the weather be in District of Columbia on March 3rd?
The temperature will be 76 degrees with a 8 percent chance of rain.
How will the weather be in Delhi, India on the tomorrow?
The temperature will be 95 degrees with 0 percent chance of rain.
What will the wind speed be?
The wind speed is expected to reach 5 miles per hour.
What will be the humidity?
The humidity level is expected to reach 15 percent.
Could you possibly check what the weather is going to be like on today?
Which city will I check?
in KL please.
There is an 8 % chance of rain and the ave temp will be 102 degrees fahrenheit.
I will be visiting my sister on Portland on March 4th, can you please check the weather for me?
Sure. Upon checking, it says that there is an 18 percent chance of rain and the average temperature is 68 degrees on that day.
check weather march 7th
what city for weather?
in seattle for me
temperature is 69 degrees and 16 percent rain
how humid though?
is is around 20 percent
Get me a detailed weather report please.
Sure, for what city?
What's going on in London UK?
It's 81 degrees there and there is a 23 % chance of rain.
I wanna see the weather in Olema, California please
It should be 91 degrees today with a pretty high 21 percent chance of rain
OK, what about the weather in Toronto on March 3rd?
It's 65 degrees with an even higher 58 percent chance of rain
Isi it gonna be windy and humid there?
It's around 61 percent humidity and 11 mile per hour wind speeds
Hi, can you tell me how the weather is in Sydney?
The current temperature is 94 degrees with a 4 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell me what the humidity will be?
The humidity index is 15 percent.
I need to check the weather in Atlanta for the March 8th.
Sure thing. The average temperature in Atlanta should be 79 degrees Fahrenheit for the day. There is a 12 percent chance of rain.
Okay thanks. How about the weather for March 11th?
The average temperature in Atlanta for the day should be around 87 degrees Fahrenheit with a 0 percent chance of rain.
Tell me what the weather is like
Which city should I check for?
Check for Chicago
The temperature is expected to be 73 degrees with a 29 percent chance of rain.
Tell me the weather in NYC please.
A 37 percent chance of it raining and temperatures around 66 Fahrenheit.
Is there anything about the wind there?
Yes, 12 miles per hour average winds.
Alright, thank you.
Can I be of any further assistance?
What is the weather like?
In which city?
New York City
The temperature is 66 degrees Fahrenheit, with 37 percent chance of rain.
I'm on my way to the family reunion. Would you use your great mind to tell me the weather in Atlanta on March 7th?
Sure. Besides showing a 26 percent rain forecast, it looks like the temperature during the day will average 83 degrees.
I want to know how the weather is going to be in LAX on March 5th.
The average temperature in your requested location should be 87 degrees Fahrenheit, with a chance of raining at 12 percent.
What's the weather for Sydney please.
Average temperature in Sydney is 94 degrees. I show a 4 percent chance of rain.
What's the humidity expected to be?
Humidity is going to be around 15 percent.
I want to check the weather for March 12th.
Where should I check the weather?
Check the weather in Chicago on March 5th.
The average temperature will be 71 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 28 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be? And how humid?
The humidity is around 40 percent while the average wind speed will be around 5 miles per hour.
I would like information on the weather
Which city do you want information for?
I would like to know the weather in New York City
Average temperature: 66 degrees Fahrenheit. Chance of rain: 37 percent
What percentage of humidity is expected?
Around 41 percent
What's the weather like on March 10th?
In what city, exactly?
Specifically in CDMX.
It should be about 96 degrees Fahrenheit there, with a 3 percent chance of rain.
Thanks. How about the weather in Atlanta, GA?
Atlanta? It should be about 88 degrees Fahrenheit with a 19 percent chance of rain.
Please check the weather.
What city?
San Fran.
The average is 91 degrees with a 29 percent chance of rain.
How humid?
The humidity is about 49 percent.
Can you get me the weather forecast for New Delhi on March 13th?
There is a 0 percent chance of rain with a high temperature of 100 degrees!
Give me a weather report.
What city shall I search?
Give me ATL.
Well, high will be 86 F. There is only a 28 % chance.
How windy is it there?
Not too, about 11 MPH.
What's the weather for NYC on March 2nd?
The temperature should be around 57 degrees Fahrenheit. The chance of rain is 29 percent.
How windy will it be? How humid will it be?
Humidity will be around 26 percent. Wind should be around 6 miles per hour.
Thank you.
Would you like anything else?
Can you check the weather on March 2nd in KL for me?
I can do that - it will be 101 Fahrenheit with a 3 percent chance of rain.
Oh, that's hot. How windy?
It will be at 3 miles per hour.
I need to check the weather for the March 3rd in Phoenix.
The temperature will be 94 degrees and there is a 10 percent chance of rain.
How humid is it going to be, and will it be windy?
The humidity is low, around 27 percent and the winds will be light at 4 mph.
Find out what the weather will be like in NYC on March 2nd.
On that day the average temperature will be 57 degrees fahrenheit and there is a 29 percent chance of rain.
How humid will it be?
The humidity will be around 26 percent.
How windy will it be?
The wind speed should be about 6 miles per hour.
Tell me about the weather in San Francisco on March 7th
The temperature is expected to be around 74 degrees with a 9 percent chance of rain.
What about humidity and wind?
The humidity is expected to be 17 percent with a wind speed of 7 miles per hour
What is the status of new york city on March 13th?
The temperature is expected around 59 degrees with a 33 percent chance of rain.
What is the weather forecast for the March 1st?
What city do you want the forecast for?
I want to check the weather in San Diego.
It is forecasted to be 90 degrees that day with a 1 percent chance of rain.
Hello! Can you tell me what the weather forecast is for Portland, OR today?
Hello, I'd be happy to help. It is predicted to be 75 degrees Fahrenheit with a 9 percent chance of rain.
I am planning for an outing. Do you have information about weather?
Which city's weather report do you want?
I would like to get weather status of Redwood City on March 7th.
The average temperature is reported to be 73 degrees Fahrenheit and only 1 percent chance of rain.
Nice, What is the status of weather in Atlanta, on March 12th?
There 19 percent chance for shower is reported with average temperature of 78 degrees Fahrenheit.
What will be condition of humidity?
18 percent humidity is forecast.
Can you please check the weather for me in Delhi on March 3rd?
There's a 2 percent chance of rain with an average temperature of 92 degrees Fahrenheit.
Is it going to be humid or windy?
The average wind speed will be 7 mph and humidity will be around 16 percent.
What is the weather going to be like on March 14th?
What city do you want to check the weather for?
Portland.
The average temperature should be 57 degrees Fahrenheit with a 13 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy is it going to be?
The humidity is expected to be around 20 percent with a wind speed around 6 miles per hour.
Can you check the weather in San Francisco for March 1st?
It will be 91 degrees with a 29 percent chance of rain.
How humid is it?
Humidity is 49 percent.
How about March 9th?
It is 70 degrees with a 2 percent chance of rain.
How humid is it?
Humidity is 16 percent.
I need to check the weather in Vancouver on the the 10th.
Okay. The average temperature that day will be around 68 degrees Fahrenheit with a 25 percent chance of rain.
What's the wind and humidity going to be like?
There will be around 26 percent humidity with an average wind speed of 6 miles per hour.
Check the weather on March 2nd
Which place should i check
Check in Phoenix, AZ
the average temperature is 72 degrees Fahrenheit and 11 percent chance of rain
What about the wind and humidity?
The humidity is around 31 percent and average wind speed is 9 miles per hour
Okay good.
Do you need anything else?
Ah, I forgot I'm going to San Fran on March 5th. Can you check the weather that day for me?
Sure, looks like it will be 87 degrees Fahrenheit with a 23 percent chance of rain.
What is the weather supppose to be in Kuala Lumpur on March 10th?
It is suppose to be 90 degrees with a 5 percent chance of rain.
How windy?
11 MPH.
How humid?
Around 22 percent.
I want to know how the weather is in Portland, OR.
From what I can see the average temperature in your requested location should be 75 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 9 percent chance of rain.
I would like information on the weather
Which city do you want the information for?
For Sydney, Australia. What will the weather be like on March 7th?
Average temperature: 89 degrees Fahrenheit. Chance of rain: 4 percent
What is the weather like on next Tuesday?
In which city should I check?
The Seattle, WA weather please.
The average temperature is 61 degrees and there is an 18 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy?
The average wind will be 15 mph.
Please check the weather on March 6th.
Which city?
Dublin.
It's going to be 92 degrees Fahrenheit with 7 percent chance of rain.
How about in Philadelphia on March 11th?
It's going to be 72 degrees Fahrenheit with 10 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy it's gonna be?
Humidity is around 33 percent and wind speed should be 11 miles per hour.
I'd like to check the weather on the March 14th.
For which city please?
I'd like to check Philadelphia.
Philadelphia will have an average temperature of 84 degrees Fahrenheit that day with an 8 percent possibility of precipitation.
What is the weather in Kuala Lumpur on March 3rd?
It is suppose to be 93 degrees with a 8 percent chance of rain.
Can you check the weather in Chi-town for March 3rd?
The weather should be 67 degrees with a 36 percent chance of rain.
What's it like outside? In Anaheim, CA.
It's 78 degrees with a 29 percent chance of rain.
And the humidity?
45 percent humidity.
Lets check NY for 1st of March.
It averages 66 degrees there with a 37 percent rain probability.
What about wind and humidity.
Humidity? 41 percent. Wind speed should be around 12 mph.
Please check the weather in Phoenix, AZ for March 9th
There is a 21 percent chance of rain with average temperature of 76 degrees.
Will it be windy?
Forecast for wind speed is 6 miles per hour.
What about humidity?
Humidity is at 31 percent.
I'd like to check the weather for 7th of March.
For which city?
In New York city.
The average temperature seems to be 65 degrees fahrenheit. There is a 15 % chance of rain.
I want you to check the Phoenix weather.
The temperature for the day will be around 89 degrees fahrenheit and there is a 15 percent chance of rain.
What will the weather be like in LAX on March 3rd?
Average temperature: 89 degrees Fahrenheit. Chance of rain: 0 percent
Find out what the weather is like in Toronto, Ontario.
It will be averaging a temperature of about 58 degrees Fahrenheit and the possibility of rain is at 13 percent.
Would you mind checking the LA weather for me?
Of course. LA temperatures will average 76 degrees Fahrenheit with the chance of rain coming in at 28 percent.
What does the humidity look like?
Approximately 75 percent.
What about the forecast for the March 8th?
Temperatures that day are going to be 81 degrees Fahrenheit on average and the possibility of precipitation will be 21 percent.
And the humidity?
34 percent or thereabouts.
Can you check the forecast for Seattle on March 7th?
There is a 16 percent chance of rain with average temperature of 69 degrees.
What about windy speed?
The average wind will be 8 mph.
How about humidity?
The humidity will be around 20 percent.
Can you please check the weather for me on March 7th in Nairobi, Kenya.
There's a 8 percent chance of rain with an average temperature of 86 degrees Fahrenheit.
Is it going to be humid?
There's a forecasted humidity of 23 percent.
I need to go if a should get a coat. What's the weather gonna be on March 6th?
In which city?
In Vancouver, BC please.
The temperature should be 70 degrees Fahrenheit with a a 27 percent chance of rain.
And how humid will it be?
Around 25 percent.
And how windy?
The wind speed should be at an average of 13 miles per hour.
Please check the weather on 1st of March
Where should i search in
please search in new delhi
The average temperature in new delhi is 99 degree with 4 percent chance of rain
how windy is it
the wind is about 8 miles per hour
I'd like to check the weather for March 9th.
Where would you like to know the weather for?
I'd like to find out the weather for Seattle on the the 4th.
The average temperature will be 69 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 43 percent chance of rain.
How humid will it be?
The humidity will be around 69 percent.
Tell me what the weather is.
What city do you want me to check?
Check the weather in New York City for March 2nd.
The temperature will be 57 degrees with a 29 percent chance of precipitation.
Hey! please can you tell me what's the weather forecast on 13th of March?
Please can I have the zipcode or city name?
Please find for Atlanta? how is the precipitation?
There is only 2 percent chance of rain and the average temperature for the normal day is 80 degrees Fahrenheit.
What is the weather going to be on March 8th?
In what city would you like to know the weather?
I need to know the weather in Vegas.
There is a 17 percent chance of rain with an average temperature of 76 degrees Fahrenheit.
What is the wind factor expected to be.
7 miles per hour is the average wind speed.
What is the humidity level expected to be?
The humidity is expected to be 36 percent.
What will the weather be like in Atlanta, GA?
The average temperature is 86 degrees. There will be a 28 percent chance of rain.
How about the March 6th.
The average temperature will be 87 degrees and the chance of rain will decrease slightly to 25 percent.
What will the humidity be like.
Around 49 percent.
How windy will it be?
The wind speed will be minimal at around 2 miles per hour.
Thanks for the info.
May I help you with something else?
please check the weather in sydney on 9th of this month
The weather on march 9th 2019 is around 93 degree with 6 % chanec of rain
Hi there, could you help me check the weather at Albany on March 2nd please?
The temperature will be 84 degrees Fahrenheit on that day, with a 14 percent chance of rain.
I see, how about for Philadelphia instead?
The temperature will be 71 degrees Fahrenheit on that day, with a 3 percent chance of rain.
I see, what is the expected humidity and windiness then?
The humidity should be around 16 percent and the average wind speed should be 8 miles per hour.
Sure, how about?
Sorry, I could not comprehend you. Do you require further assistance?
Could you help me check the weather again on the March 12th?
The average temperature for that day is 83 degress Fahrenheit with a 25 percent chance of rain.
I see, thank you!
Do you need any further assistance?
I want to check the weather for Portland, OR on March 2nd.
The average temperature for that of year is 65 degrees. There will be a 15 percent chance of rain.
I wish to check out the weather on March 10th.
In which city do you want to check out the weather?
I wish to check it in New Delhi.
The average temperature is 102 degree Fahrenheit and 4 percent of chance of rain.
I want to find out what the weather will be like on March 4th.
What city do you want to check the weather in?
Check Sydney, NSW.
The average temperature on that day should be around 96 degrees Fahrenheit with a 7 percent chance of rain.
Check the weather for me.
Which city should I check it for?
Check it in Philly
The temperature is expected to be around 81 degrees with a 8 percent chance of rain.
Hello! Please can you check the weather in Chicago, IL on March 12th. Is there any scattered Thunderstorms?
Yup, there are scattered thunderstorms and there is a 26 percent probability of raining and the average temperature for the normal day will be 61 degrees Fahrenheit.
What is the humidity and the wind speed on that day?
The average wind speed on that day will be around 12 miles per hour and it will be around 4 percent humidity.
I'm going to be visiting friends in Nairobi fairly soon. What's the weather like there on March 3rd?
It'll average at a sizzling 103 degrees Fahrenheit, with just a 2 percent chance of rain.
Hi there, could you help me check the weather in LAX?
The average temperature there is 76 degrees Fahrenheit with 28 percent chance of rain.
I see, thanks!
Could I further assist you?
Can you please check the weather?
In which city do you want the search?
What is the weather like in Cupertino?
The weather is 92 degrees and there is a 13 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy is it supposed to be?
The humidity will be around 22 percent and the wind is 2 miles per hour.
How is the weather in Delhi on March 4th?
The weather should be around 97 degrees and there is a 8 percent chance of rain.
What is the weather in New York City on 10th of March?
The temperature is 59 degrees with 0 percent chance of rain.
Is it humid or windy?
The wind is 5 miles per hour and the humidity is about 15 percent.
Can I get the weather?
Sure, for which city
The weather in Chicago please
Today will have an average temperature of 73 degrees Fahrenheit with a 29 percent chance of precipitation
Will it be humid?
The humidity should be about 29 percent
Ok good
Anything else I can do?
Hey, I want you to tell me about the weather.
What city weather shall I tell you about?
I am interested in Chi-town.
It will be 73 degrees Fahrenheit average temperature for the day with a 29 percentage possibility for rain.
What is the wind like and what will the humidity be?
It will be approximately 29 percent humid with wind speed averaging about 15 miles an hour.
What's the weather forecast in KL on March 9th?
The temperature will average around 92 degrees Fahrenheit, and the chance of rain is 0 percent.
How is the weather on March 5th?
What city's weather should I tell you about?
Vancouver, BC of course. How it is on March 12th?
It says the average temperature is about 59 degrees Fahrenheit with a 10 percent possibility of rain.
What is the humidity?
Humidity could be about 15 percent.
What about how windy it will be?
11 miles a hour should be the average speed of wind.
I would like to check out the weather in LA on March 10th.
The average temperature on that day should be around 91 degrees fahrenheit. There is a 10 percent chance of rain.
I need to check the weather for the March 9th.
Sure thing. Which city would you like me to check the weather for?
Check the weather in NY for me please.
The average temperature in New York will be around 70 degrees Fahrenheit for the day. There is a 38 percent chance of rain.
I need more updates about the weather in stanford on March 14th
Yes. The temperature will be around 82 degrees fahrenheit and the chance of rain is 5 percent
What about the wind?
The wind speed will be 5 miles per hour
Now tell me more about humidity
it will be around 19 percent
Got it. Now look the same thing in vegas on March 11th
the temperature will be around 81 degrees fahrenheit and the chance of rain is 3 percent
I want to see what the weather conditions are like in Paris, France.
The average temperature is 77 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 26 percent chance rain.
Could you look at the weather forecast for March 2nd in Toronto, Ontario.
There is a 20 % chance of rain and an ave temp of 60 degrees fahrenheit.
Will it be humid?
About a 28 & chance of that.
Fine ok.
Would you like help with anything more?
I need to find out the weather in Sydney on March 14th.
The average temp for Sydney that day should be 100 degrees F with a 2 % chance of rain.
How windy is it likely to be?
The average wind speed is looking like 8 mph.
Could you assist me in checking the weather forecast for March 5th in Portland, OR.
There is a 12 % chance of rain with the temp around 56 degrees fahrenheit.
Can you check the weather?
What city do you want?
Check the weather in Philly.
It will be 81 degrees with an 8 percent chance of rain.
How humid will it be?
The humidity is 23 percent.
Check the weather in London, England.
The average temperature is about 81 degrees fahrenheit for the day, with a 23 percent chance of rain.
What will the wind and humidity levels be like?
The humidity level is about 35 percent and wind speed around 10 miles per hour.
What is the weather in Los Altos on March 13th?
The average temperature should be 94 degrees with a 3 percent chance of rain.
What about Chi-Town on March 1st.
The average temperature should be 73 degrees with a 29 percent chance of rain.
How windy will is be?
About 15 miles per hour.
What about the humidity?
The humidity is about 29 percent.
Oh, okay then.
Would you like anything else?
Can you get me the weather on March 7th.
What city is this weather check for?
It's for Atlanta, GA.
The average day temperature is 83 degrees Fahrenheit with a 26 percent chance of precipitation.
Can you show me the weather?
Which city should I be searching for
Search for it in Phoenix
The average temperature is predicted to be at 89 degrees with a 15 percent chance of rain
I'd like to find out the weather.
For what city did you want to find the weather for?
I'd like to know the weather in Valley Ford.
The average temperature in Valley Ford should be 72 degrees F and there is a 6 % chance of rain.
OK, what about the weather in Phoenix, AZ on March 4th?
The average temperature in Phoenix for that day should be 90 degrees F with a 29 % chance of rain.
What's the weather like in London?
The average temperature in London should be 81 degrees fahrenheit with a 23 percent chance of rain.
Can you give me the weather forecast for Chi-town?
It is predicted to be 73 degrees Fahrenheit wit ha 29 percent chance of rain.
Check the weather in San Diego for March 1st please.
Sure thing. The average temperature for that day will be around 90 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
How windy is it gonna be? What type of humidity are we looking at?
The humidity will be around 16 percent and the average wind speed should be about 1 mile per hour.
What will the weather be like on March 2nd?
What city do you want me to check?
San Fran.
The temperature should be 72 degrees with a 15 % chance of rain.
How windy will it be?
The wind speed should be 8 miles per hour.
What's the wether forecast for March 7th?
For what city?
Las Vegas, Nevada.
The forecast for Las Vegas on March 7th calls for a daytime high of 86 degrees with a 22 percent chance of rain.
Ok. Then how about KL on the March 1st.
The forecast for KL on March 7th calls for a daytime high of 102 degrees with an 8 percent chance of rain.
Will there be any wind to speak of?
Expected winds are a mild 12 miles per hour.
How about humidity?
Expect about 23 percent humidity.
What's the weather forecast for Philly on March 14th?
The expected average temperature for the day is 84 degrees Fahrenheit, with an 8 percent chance of rain.
Can you check the weather in Paris on March 7th?
The temperature should be around 87 degrees and there is a 12 percent chance of rain.
How windy is it going to be?
The average wind speed should be 6 miles per hour.
How humid will the day be?
The humidity will be around 22 percent.
Hi there, could you help me check the weather on March 13th?
For which location are you interested in?
In London, UK please.
Sure, the temperature then is 94 degress Fahrenheit with a 25 percent chance of rain.
I see, what is the humidity and windiness on that day?
The humidity is around 18 percent and the average wind speed is 5 miles per hour.
I see, thanks!
Do you require further assistance?
What is the weather in Las Vegas on March 11th
The average temperature is 81 degrees Fahrenheit and 3 percent chance of rain
What about the wind speed and humidity?
Around 19 percent humidity and 10 miles per hour is the wind speed
What's the weather going to be like in Chi-town on 3rd of March?
I don't have the specific temperature forecast for that day, but the average temperature for that day is 67 degrees. There is a small chance of rain, about 36 percent.
I want to find out what the weather will be like in Paris, France on March 3rd.
The temperature on that day should be 93 degrees Fahrenheit with a 6 percent chance of rain.
Please help me check the weather in Ny on this Sunday.
It's 74 degrees Fahrenheit with a 23 percent chance of rain.
I need to check out the weather on March 11th.
What city are you looking for the weather in?
Kuala Lumpur.
The average temperature for that day should be 99 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 2 percent chance of rain.
I need to finish making plans for my upcoming trip. Can you check the weather for me?
Sure, where are you going?
I'll be in New York.
Ok, looks like it'll be an average of 66 degrees with a 37 percent chance of rain.
Great, that's perfect.
Anything else I can do?
Please check the weather.
What city do you want?
Check the weather in Paris.
The average temperature is 77 degrees F and 26 % chance of rain.
Thank you for the info.
Is there anything else?
Can you help me look up the weather for San Diego on March 13th?
It should be 75 degrees Fahrenheit on average with a 19 percent chance it will rain.
Hello. What is the weather going to be like in SD on the March 12th?
The weather is expected to be 90 oF with a 10 % chance of rain.
What's the humidity supposed to be?
The humidity is expected to be around 27 %.
How windy will it be?
Not very windy; only about 5 mph.
I need to check the weather in Phoenix, AZ on March 5th
The average day temperature is running at 73 degrees Fahrenheit and the chances of rain is 12 percent.
What's the weather going to be like on March 10th?
What city do you want me to check the weather in?
Toronto, Canada please.
The average temperature should be 73 degree Fahrenheit with a 26 percent chance of rain.
Could you check what the weather will be like on March 11th?
Which city are you interested in?
In KL please.
It says that there is a 2 percent chance of rain with a temp of 99 degrees Fahrenheit.
I'm doing a bit of traveling in the next few days. Can you check the weather in Rohnert Park for me?
Sure, looks like the average is 84 degrees Fahrenheit with a 23 percent chance of rain.
How about the wind and humidity?
It will be about 35 percent humidity and an average wind speed of 7 miles per hour.
Great. Can you also check the weather for LA on March 10th?
Sure. The average will be 91 degrees Fahrenheit there with a 10 percent chance of rain.
Tell me what the weather will be on the 6th of this month in Delhi, India.
There is a 0 percent chance of precipitation with an average temperature of 93 degrees.
I will be travelling soon and I would like to know the weather.
Where do you want to check the weather?
Check the weather in Phoenix, AZ on March 8th.
The temperature will be around 77 degrees Fahrenheit with a 15 percent chance of rain.
What will the weather be on March 1st in Atlanta, GA?
The average temperature is forecasted to be 86 degrees and there is a 28 percent change of rain.
Will it be very humid or windy?
Winds are expected to average 11 miles and hour and the humidity will be about 45 percent.
Can you tell me the weather of KL on the March 4th?
Sure. The average for March 4th is 87 degrees and the probability of rain is 8 percent.
What is the weather suppose to be in Paris, France on March 3rd?
The average temperature is 93 degrees with a 6 percent chance of rain.
How humid? How windy?
The humidity is expected to be around 18 percent. The wind should be 4 mph.
What's the weather forecast to be like on the 9th?
Whereabouts do you want to check?
I want to go to NYC.
In NYC the average temperature will be 70 degrees Fahrenheit, and there will be a 38 percent chance of rain.
What about the humidity levels and winds?
Humidity is forecast to be around 47 percent, and there will be wind speeds of 7 miles an hour.
I want to know how the weather will be on the 9th.
Can you tell me for which city should I check the weather for?
I want to know the weather in LAX.
The average temperature in LAX for the day should be 94 degrees Fahrenheit, and with a chance of 13 percent of rain.
Alright, can you check the weather for March 1st?
For your requested date the average temperature should be 76 degrees Fahrenheit, and the chance of raining is 28 percent.
Can you tell me how windy is it going to be?
The average speed of the wind is expected to be 4 miles per hours.
I would like to check out the weather in Toronto, Ontario on March 4th.
The average temperature for the day will be around 70 degrees Fahrenheit with a 38 percent chance of rain.
Will it be humid?
The humidity will be around 33 percent.
How windy will it be?
It should be around 13 miles per hour on average.
I need to see what the weather is in Portland, OR on the 12th of this month.
The average temperature is 72 degrees with a 16 percent chance of rain.
How windy?
It should be averaging 11 MPH.
How humid?
Around 30 percent.
Can I get the weather for March 2nd?
Of course. What city?
For SF
The average temperature will be 72 degrees Fahrenheit with just a 15 percent chance of rain.
What's the weather forecast?
What city do you want weather for?
Give me weather for Portland, OR on March 8th.
The forecast calls for an average temperature of 70 degrees Fahrenheit with a 50 percent chance of rain.
Thanks. What's the forecast for March 4th?
The average temperature for the day is forecast to be 68 degrees Fahrenheit. The chance of rain is 18 percent.
I want to check the weather condition on 9th of this month for which I need your help.
In which area do you want to check for the weather condition?
Check it in Kuala Lumpur.
please note that the average temperature level will be 92 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 0 % for rain fall there on that day.
What about the Wind Speed on that day?
It will be around 8 miles per hour in average on that day.
And what will be the Humidity level in the mentioned area?
Humidity will be around 15 %. Any more information you need?
i want to check weather in seattle on march 6th
The average temperature for the day is 64 degrees fahrenheit and there is 27 percent chance to rain
how about wind?
The average wind speed is 4 miles per hour
how much humid will it be?
its around 29 percent
What'll the weather be like in Vegas on March 11th?
The average will be 81 degrees with a 3 percent chance of rian.
Can you tell me the weather in NYC for Wednesday next week?
Sure, the average temprature is expected to be around 64 degrees with a 26 percent chance of rain.
I want to know the weather in Phoenix, AZ.
The average temperature in Phoenix, AZ for the day is expected to be 89 degrees Fahrenheit. Also there is a 15 percent chance that it will rain.
I want to know the weather for March 11th.
Can you tell me the city where I should check the weather?
I want to know the weather in NY.
The average temperature for the day in NY should be 65 degrees Fahrenheit, and the chance of rain is 34 percent.
Alright, that is fine.
Do you want me to help you with something else?
What is the weather in New Delhi on 9th of this month?
The temperature for March 9th will be 91 degrees Fahrenheit with 3 percent chance of raining.
How will the humidity be?
It will be around 18 percent.
How about the wind?
It is going to be around 2 miles per hour.
can you check the weather on 4th of this month?
Can you tell me which city should I look into?
I want to the weather in Sunol.
The expected average temperature for the day is 93 degrees Fahrenheit with 14 percent chance of rain.
can you tell me the expected humidity and wind speed?
The expected humidity is 17 percent and the expected wind speed is 12 mph.
Okay. Can you check the weather on March 7th?
The expected average temperature for the day is 72 degrees Fahrenheit with 14 percent chance of rain.
Okay, Can you check the weather in Chi-town?
The expected average temperature for the day is 74 degrees Fahrenheit with 23 percent chance of rain.
What will the weather be like on March 6th?
Where would you like to check?
Please check Chi-town.
Okay, the average temperature will be around 69 degrees with a 5 percent chance of rain.
What is the weather like in Nairobi, Kenya?
The average daytime temperature should be around 105 degrees and there is a 0 percent chance of rain.
What will the weather in LA be like on March 13th?
The average temperature will be 94 degrees Fahrenheit with a 19 percent chance of rain.
What will the wind speed be?
5 miles per hour.
Could you find out what the weataher will be like in Atherton on March 2nd?
It will be 93 degrees fahrenheit on average that day with a 17 percent chance of rain.
Check the weather on March 4th for SF.
The temperature will be 71 degrees fahrenheit on average with a 16 percent change of rain.
Will it be humid or windy?
The humidity will be around 19 percent and there will be a wind speed of 8 miles an hour.
I'd like to check the weather on March 14th.
Where would you like to find out the weather?
I want to know the weather in San Diego.
The average temperature will be 76 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 2 percent chance of rain.
Okay, how is the weather on March 9th?
The average temperature will be 83 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 25 percent chance of rain.
Tell me the weather for March 6th.
I can do that for you. Which city do you want the forecast for?
Give me the details about the weather in Sydney, Australia.
There is only a 9 percent chance of rain with a temperature of 89 degrees Fahrenheit.
Will it be windy that day? That makes a difference for me. Also tell me about the humidity.
It will not be too windy with a wind speed of 8 miles per hour. The humidity will hover around 22 percent.
Can you check the weather in New Delhi for the March 6th.
There temperature should be around 93 degrees with 0 percent chance of rain.
Could you tell me the weather forecast for March 2nd.
Which city will I check?
In Chi-town please.
There is a 33 percent chance of rain but the avg temp will be 61 degrees Fahrenheit.
Is it going to be windy?
Wind speed will be around 6 miles per hour.
Can you tell me what the weather is suppose to me in SD on March 13th.
The average temperature should be 75 degrees with a 19 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell me how's the weather gonna be like on the March 2nd in Nairobi?
There will be a 6 percent chance of rain with an average of 86 degrees Fahrenheit.
I wanna see the weather in KL on March 5th
The average temperature needs to be 100 degrees fahrenheit and there will be a 5 percent chance of rain
How windy will it be?
The average wind speed is gonna be 6 miles per hour
How humid will it be?
Humidity is 18 percent
Can you tell me the weather for Delhi on March 2nd?
The temperature will reach 95 degrees with 0 percent chance for rain.
What's the weather in Toronto, Ontario like?
58 degrees with 13 % chance of rain
Thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you please check the weather in Toronto, Ontario for the March 4th?
There is a average temperature of 70 degrees and there is a 38 percent chance of rain.
I need to know what the weather is like.
For which city?
For Nairobi, Kenya.
The temperature is 105 degrees Fahrenheit with 0 percent chance of rain.
I will be travelling to San Diego. What is the weather like there?
The average temperature for San Diego is around 90 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
I have to check the weather in London, England on March 10th
Chance of rain is 6 percent there with average day temperature at 92 degrees Fahrenheit
What is the wind condition there?
The average wind speed is around 5 miles per hour
What would the weather be like on March 6th?
In which city?
In London, Uk.
The temperature would be 85 degrees fahrenheit with a 27 percent chance of rain.
Can you please check the weather in Vancouver, BC for March 12th?
The temperature is expected to reach 59 degrees and there is only a 10 percent chance of rain.
What's the weather going to be like on the March 2nd
For which city?
Check it for Toronto, Canada
That day should have an average temperature of about 60 degrees Fahrenheit with a 20 percent chance of rain
Will it be humid or windy?
The humidity is expected to be 28 percent with an average wind speed of 5 miles per hour
That's good
Anything else I can do?
What's the weather forecast for Portland, OR on 8th of this month?
The average temperature is forecast to be 70 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 50 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy at all?
The average wind speed is forecast at 7 miles per hour.
I'd like to check the weather on March 6th.
Which city would you like a weather report for?
Please could you tell me the weather for Toronto, Ontario.
The average daytime temperature should be around 62 degrees and there is a 45 percent chance of rain.
How will be the weather in SD on March 7th?
90 degree Fahrenheit average temperature with 17 percent chance of rain.
What's the weather going to be in San Pablo on the 6th of March?
The temperature should be about 73 degrees Fahrenheit with a 21 percent chance of rain.
Thanks. What's the weather going to be in Seattle, WA on March 12th?
The temperature should be about 66 degrees with a 34 percent chance of rain in Seattle.
I want to check the weather
In which city's weather do you want to search?
In district of columbia
The average temperature for the day is 75 degrees fahrenheit and there is a 13 percent chance to rain.
whats the expected humid?
The humid is around 36 percent
I'd like to check the weather
Which city would you like to check the weather for?
Check it in phoenix please
The average temperature should be 89 F with a 15 % chance of rain
How humid is it expected to be
The humidity is expected to be 23 %
I wonder if its a good day to go outside. What is the weather like?
In what city do you want to check the weather?
I am in Sacramento, CA of course.
82 degress Fahrenheit is the average temperature today and there is a 26 percentage possibility of raining.
What is the weather?
Which city should I check for you?
What's the weather in Phoenix?
The average temperature for today is 89 degrees. The chance of rain is 15 percent.
How's the weather in San Francisco on March 13th?
There's a 9 percent chance of rain and it'll be about 94 degrees.
How about Vegas on March 14th?
There's a 15 percent chance of rain and it'll be 71 degrees.
Please tell me the weather forecast for March 5th, in Vancouver.
The expected average temperature for the day is 62 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 56 percent chance of rain.
Can you check the weather in London on 12th of March?
The expected average temperature through the day is 87 degree Fahrenheit with 21 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy is it expected to be?
The expected humidity is 32 percent and average wind speed will be 2 miles per hour.
Please help me to check the weather condition in KL.
Yes, please note that the average temperature should be 102 degrees Fahrenheit and the chance of rain is 8 %
I want to check the weather in Lagunitas.
It's 92 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 18 percent chance of rain.
What about on March 3rd?
It'll be 87 degrees Fahrenheit with a 12 percent chance of rain.
And how about on March 12th in Anaheim?
It'll be 71 degrees Fahrenheit with a 16 percent chance of rain.
What's the weather in Saratoga?
It's 78 degrees with a 1 percent chance of rain.
How about Sydney Australia for March 10th?
Average temp should be 92 degrees with a 5 percent chance of rain.
Is it going to be windy?
Only 1 mile per hour.
What's the humidity going to be like?
Expect the humidity to be about 20 percent.
What about on March 12th?
Average temps for that day is about 101 degrees with a 2 percent chance of rain.
Hey, what's the weather gonna be in Sacramento on the 1st of March. I need to know if I should buy a coat.
The weather is expected to be 82 degrees Fahrenheit with a 26 percent chance of rain.
What's the weather forecast for Anaheim on March 5th?
The average temperature for the day will be 75 degrees, with a 4 percent chance of rain.
What will theweather be like in Seattle on March 5th?
The temp should be 61 degrees Fahrenheit and there is an 18 percent chance of rain.
I want to know if I should buy a coat. How's the weather gonna be in San Rafael on Wednesday next week?
The average temperature should be 76 degrees Fahrenheit with a 14 percent chance of rain.
Good to know. How about in Vancouver, BC on March 5th?
The average temperature should be 62 degrees Fahrenheit with a 56 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy? How humid is it expected to be?
The humidity should be around 43 percent with a 12 miles per hour average wind.
Please tell me what the weather will be on this Saturday in San Fran.
There is a 15 percent chance of rain on that and the average temperature should be 72.
Will it be very humid?
The humidity is forecasted to be about 30 percent.
Tell me the weather on March 8th for Vegas.
It average 76 degrees with a 17 percent chance of rain.
What about humidity and wind?
Humidity is expected to be around 36 percent with a 7 mile per hour wind.
i need to know about the weather condition on March 3rd , will you find the weather on that day?
In which city i need to check the weather for?
In the city San Diego.
the average temperature for the day be 82 degrees fahrenheit and there is a 7 percent chance of rain.
I wanna see what the weather is gonna be like.
Which city would you like to check?
Kuala Lumpur please.
There is an 8 percent chance of rain but the average temp for the day will be a toasty 102 degrees.
I want to check the weather!
In which city?
In Ciudad de Mexico.
The average temperature is about 102 degrees with a 0 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be?
The wind speed will around 12 miles per hour.
I'm going on a little day trip. Can you check the weather for me in Nairobi on March 13th?
Sure. Looks like the average temperature is 89 degrees Fahrenheit that day, and there's a 1 percent chance of rain.
How about the humidity?
It will be around 15 percent.
I want to check the weather condition, need your help.
In which City, do I need to check it? Any preferred area?
Check it in Philadelphia.
Checked and found that average temperature will be 81 degrees Fahrenheit and there will be a chance of 8 % for rain.
What abut the Wind speed? Is that high or normal?
Average Wind speed will be 4 miles per hour. Any other information you need?
I want to check the weather in Atlanta.
The temperature is 86 degrees F with a 28 % chance of rain.
Check the weather for Sydney for the March 2nd please.
One moment. The average temperature for that day should be 101 degrees Fahrenheit. Be advised there is a 2 percent chance of rain.
I'm going on a trip soon. What's the weather like in London, England on the the 11th?
London temperatures on that day should average 71 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 15 percent chance of rain.
What will the weather be like at Half Moon bay on March 11th?
88 degrees Fahrenheit we be the average for the day along with a 6 percent chance of rain.
How windy and humid will it be on that day?
There is an average wind speed of 10 miles an hour with 20 percent humidity.
Great, and about
I'm sorry, was there something else you'd like me to help you with?
I'd like to check the weather in ATL for March 8th.
79 degrees Fahrenheit is the average temperature for the day with a 12 percent chance of rain.
Hey, I wanna know the weather in Castro Valley
It's gonna be 91 degrees and an 18% chance of rain
It is gonna be windy and humid?
It's 16% humidity and about 9 mph wind speed
Okay, how about in Ciudad de Mexico on March 12th?
89 degrees over there with a 6% chance of rain
Can you check the weather in Seattle, WA for March 8th?
The weather on March 8th will be 65 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 21% chance of rain.
What about the humidity, and the wind conditions?
Humidity will be around 16%, and the wind speed is expected to be on average 7 mph.
What's the weather going to be on the 5th of March?
Where would you like me to look?
For Anaheim, CA.
It should be about 75 degrees with a 4 percent chance of rain.
What's the weather in Chi-town for 14th of March?
The average temperature for the day will be 68 degrees, with a 24 percent chance of rain.
Is it going to be windy or humid?
The humidity forecast is around 26 percent, with an average wind speed of 12 miles per hour.
I'd like to know the weather at Point Reyes Station on the 9th of this month.
The temperature will be around 90 degrees Fahrenheit with a 13 percent chance of rain.
Great, what about the weather in Atlanta on March 5th?
On that day the average temperature will be 82 degrees Fahrenheit with an 18 percent chance of rain.
How humid will it be then?
The humidity will be about 29 percent.
How windy will it be?
The wind will be about 5 miles per hour on the 5th.
I like to visit the place Philly on March 1st. I need to check about the weather condition there on that day. Can you help me to check it?
Yes, please note that the average temperature should be 81 degrees Fahrenheit and the chance of rain will be 8 % there.
Check with the level of Humidity and Wind there.
Average wind speed will be 4 miles per hour and the humidity will be around 23 %. Is that information useful to you.
What is the weather going to be like in Chicago on this Sunday?
The temperature will average around 67 degrees and there will be a 36 percent chance of it raining.
Tell me what the weather will be on March 6th.
What city shall I look in?
Look in Portland for March 9th.
The normal temperature is 67 degrees with a 44 percent chance of rain.
I see. Thanks.
Do you want anything more?
Whats the weather going to be like in SD on March 5th?
It averages 84 degrees at that time with an 8 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell me what the weather is like?
Sure, what city?
Can you look in Toronto on 12th of March?
It's going to be a mild 64 degrees with a 1 percent chance of rain
Can you tell me how humid and windy it's gonna be?
Humidity will be around 15 percent and wind speeds of around 12 miles per hour.
Check the weather for 10th of this month.
For what city?
Los Angeles
There's a 10 percent chance of rain and it should be around 91 degrees.
How about humidity and wind?
Humidity should be about 19 percent with wind speed approximatey 8 mile per hour.
Check the weather.
For what city?
Sacramento, CA
There's a 26 percent chance of rain and it should be about 82 degrees.
Please check the weather in Muir Beach
Its average temperature is 81 degrees Fahrenheit with a 13 % chance of rain
ok, and in Seattle, WA on March 11th
Its average temperature is 73 degrees Fahrenheit with a 4 % chance of rain
What will the weather in Ciudad de Mexico be on the the 7th.
The temperature on that day will be 93 Fahrenheit with a 6 percent chance of rain.
What will the humidity be like?
The humidity will be 24 percent.
How windy will it be?
The wind speed will be an average of 5 miles per hour.
What is the weather forecast March 1st?
Where are you checking?
Seattle.
Seattle has a 32 percent chance of showers with an average temperature of 74.
Can you check the weather of San Francisco on March 14th?
The expected average temperature is 93 degrees Fahrenheit for the day with 12 percent chances of rain,
I need to check the weather.
In which city?
Check Phoenix, AZ please.
The average temperature for today is 89 degrees Farenheit and there is a 15 percent chance of rain.
We friends are planning for a outing in Philadelphia. Is the weather there is suitable?
Average temperature there is 81 degree fahrenheit and there is 8 percent chance of shower.
I'm going on a trip to Washington on 1st of March. Can you check what the weather is that day?
Looks like the average will be 75 degree Fahrenheit with a 13 percent chance of rain.
Check for me please the weather in Nairobi on March 14th
For the day the average temperature should be 93 degrees Fahrenheit and 0 percent of rain.
I see!Thanks.
Something else would you like to know?
What is the weather like in New York City today?
The forecast for today is an average temperature of 66 degrees Fahrenheit with a 37 percent chance of rain showers.
I need to know what the weather will be like on March 6th.
What city should I check?
Delhi, India.
The average temperature should be 93 degrees with a 0% chance of rain.
What will the weather be like in Vacaville on the March 10th?
The average temperature will be around 89 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 26 percent chance of rain.
How humid will it be?
The humidity will be around 36 percent.
Thanks, how about the weather in New York City on March 4th?
It'll be around 59 degrees with a 22 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be?
The average wind speed in predicted to be 8 miles per hour.
Thanks a lot.
No worries, anything else?
What is the weather like in San Diego?
An average temperature of 90 degrees Fahrenheit is expected today, with a 1 percent change of rain
I'd like to know the weather in Nairobi.
There is an average of 105 degrees Fahrenheit with a 0 chance of rain.
How humid will it be? And is it going to be windy at all?
There is 15 percent humidity and the wind speed is 7 miles per hour.
I see. And what about the March 10th?
There is an average temperature of 95 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
Can you please tell me the weather in Mexico City?
The average temperature today should be around 102 degrees Fahrenheit. There is 0 chance of rain.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Is there anything else?
I would like to check the weather.
Which city would you like a forecast for?
I need the weather for Anaheim, CA.
The average temperature for the day should be around 78 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 29 percent chance of rain.
I would like to check the weather in Phoenix on March 8th.
The average temperature for that day should be 77 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 15 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell me the weather forecast in Delhi, India on the Monday next week?
The temperature for that day is expected to be 97 degrees with an 8 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be?
The wind is expected to be around 3 miles per hour.
How humid will it be?
The humidity will be about 18 percent.
What is the forecast for the weather?
Can you be more specific? Which city do you want the forecast for?
Please tell me the weather for Eldridge on the March 12th.
On March 12th 2019, the average temperature will be 74 degrees Fahrenheit with a 14 percent change of rain.
What will the humidity be like that day?
The humidity for the 12th will hover around 17 percent.
What about the wind? Will it be breezy on that day?
The average speed for the wind should be around 3 miles per hour.
Okay enough about that city. Tell me the forecast for Toronto, Ontario for March 9th.
It will be 67 degrees Fahrenheit with a 0 percent chance of rain in Toronto on March the 9th.
I need to check on the weather in London on the the 9th.
The average temperature for the day should be 90 degrees Fahrenheit. There will be a 5 percent chance of rain.
I would like to check the weather at NYC on March 9th.
The average temperature for the day should be around 70 degrees Fahrenheit. There is 38 percent chance for rain.
What's the weather forecast in Delhi for the March 11th?
The average temperature for the day will be 103 degrees Fahrenheit. There's a 7 percent chance of rain.
I want to check the weather Condition for which I need your help.
Do you have any choice of City to check it?
Yes, check it for Atlanta on March 11th.
The average temperature will be 87 degrees Fahrenheit on that day and there will be a 0 percent of chance for rain.
Alright, let's see the weather on March 3rd in London, UK
It's going to be 88 degrees with a 29 percent chance of rain
And the humidity?
It'll be around 66 percent
How windy will it be?
It's gonna average around 2 miles per hour wind speed
I would like to check the weather.
Which city should I look in?
Check Kuala Lumpur.
It should be 102 degrees fahrenheit on average with an 8 percent chance of rain.
How will the weather be on March 4th?
It should be about 87 degrees fahrenheit on average and there is 8 percent chance of rain.
What will the wind and humidity be like?
The wind is 8 miles per hour and the humidity is around 29 percent.
What will the weather be like in Moraga on next Tuesday?
The average daytime temperature will be around 77 degrees and there is a 6 percent chance of rain.
How about the humidity?
The humidity should be around 24 percent.
Will it be windy?
The average wind speed should be 1 mile per hour.
What will the weather like be in Vancouver on March 2nd?
The average daytime temperature will be around 67 degrees and there is a 49 percent chance of rain.
What's the weather going to be like in Toronto, Canada on March 12th?
In Toronto, it'll be an average of 64 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent change of rain.
Is it going to be windy?
The average wind speed is going to be around 12 miles per hour.
And how humid will it be?
Humidity levels are going to be around 15 percent.
Can you tell me what the weather in Santa Clara will be on March 5th?
There is an average of 88 degrees Fahrenheit with a 25 percent of rain.
And what are the humidity levels?
There is around 44 percent humidity.
But how windy will it be?
There is an average wind speed of 5 miles per hour.
Can you also check the weather in Paris, France for March 10th?
There is an average of 80 degrees Fahrenheit with a 2 percent chance of rain
I would like to check the weather.
Where would you like to check the weather for?
I want to know the weather in Los Angeles.
It'll be 76 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 28 percent chance of rain.
Check for me the weather please.
In what city are you interested?
I would like to know in Anaheim.
For the day the average temperature should be 78 degrees Fahrenheit and 29 percent chance of rain.
I understand. But in Sacramento?
For the day the average temperature should be 82 degrees Fahrenheit and 26 percent chance of rain.
All right, thanks.
With something else I can help you?
COuld you tell me the weather in fresno, CA?
Today's temperature should be 72 degrees fahrenheit, and there's a 2% chance of rain.
Can you look up what the weather will be like in Fresno on March 4th?
Of course: It will be 92 degrees Fahrenheit on March 4th with an 18 percent chance of rain.
Is it going to be humid.
Let's see: the humidity will be 19 percent.
What will the weather be like March 11th?
Where would you like the weather checked?
Anaheim, CA weather, please.
There will be an 11% chance of showers with an average temperature of 70.
What is the expected weather on March 8th in Sacramento, CA?
The average temperature is 85 degrees with a 21 percent chance of rain.
I'm thinking about visiting Montara on March 11th. What's the weather like then?
The weather is estimated to be 86 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 17 percent chance of rain.
I see. How will it be in Philly on March 4th?
It should roughly be 78 degrees Fahrenheit, with an 8 percent chance of rain.
How about the humidity?
The humidity will be about 30 percent.
And how about the windiness?
The wind speed should roughly be 1 mile per hour.
What is the weather forecast March 12th in Sacramento?
A 14% chance of showers with an average temperature of 92.
I see.
Do you need any other information?
I want to see what the weather will be like on the March 12th.
Sure. Where do you want to check the weather?
Please look up the weather for the District of Columbia.
The temperature should be 80 degrees on average and there is a 9 percent chance of it raining.
What would the weather be like in Toronto on the 3rd of this month?
It would be 65 degrees Fahrenheit with 58 percent chance of rain.
How windy would it be?
11 miles per hour.
Please check the weather for Toronto, Ontario on March 8th.
It should be around 67 degrees with a 6 percent chance of rain.
Sure, that is cool.
Anything else today?
I need you to check the weather for me in Antioch on March 6th
Today's average temperature is 72 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 7 percent chance of rain
What about humidity? Is it windy?
Humidity is 23 percent and wind' speed is 9 miles per hour.
Okay, now tell me the same parameters in Seattle, WA on the 3rd of this month
Temperature is around 73 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 49 percent of probability that it will rain
What's the weather supposed to be like on March 5th?
What city will you be in?
Chicago.
There will be a 28 percent chance of rain, but the average temperature for the day should be 71 degrees.
Will it be windy?
The average wind speed will be about 5 miles per hour.
What about the humidity, what will that be like?
It will be around 40 percent that day.
I need to see the weather in Ross
It's 79 degrees with a 14% chance of rain right now.
How about in Nairobi, Kenya on the the 6th
It's hot! 89 Degrees with a 1% chance of rain
What's the weather like in Fresno?
It's gonna be 72 degrees with a 2% chance of rain
Can you please check the weather for Vegas on the 13th?
The average temperature for the day is 73 Fahrenheit with 14 percent chance of rain.
Hello! please can you look my availability in my calendar?
When do you wish to know your availability?
Please can you look for Saturday this week?
Sure, you've an empty slot from 6:30 pm to 11 pm on March 2nd.
Can you tell me when I will be available?
For which date you want to know when you are available?
I want to know when I will be available next Wednesday.
For March 6th you will be free from 7 am till 8:30 pm.
Seems nice to me.
Do you want an event to be added to your calendar?
When do I have availability in my schedule?
What date should I look at?
Look at this Sunday.
On March 3rd you have an opening from 4:30 pm to 9 pm.
Sounds good, thank you.
Are you wanting to add an event to your calendar?
Please can you look into my calendar and tell me when I'm available?
When do you wish to know your availability?
Please look for Wednesday next week.
On March 6th, you've an empty slot from 6 am to 10 pm.
What's my schedule availability please?
On which date?
For Monday next week.
On March 4th, your schedule is clear from 7:45 pm to 10 pm.
Okay, good, thank you.
Anything else right now?
Hey, show me when I'm free.
In which day?
Friday next week.
On March 8th you're free from 8 am to 3 pm.
Do I have any other free time this Saturday?
On March 2nd you're free from 12 pm to 11 pm.
Sounds real good.
Would you like to add an event?
Can you check my planner and see when I am free on 8th of March?
On March 8th you are free from 1:45 pm until 10 pm.
ok fine.
Is there an event you would like me to add on that day?
Show me when I am Available next Friday.
You are available from March 8th at 4:30 pm to 5:30 pm.
When am I available Monday next week.
You are available from 3:30 pm to 10 pm on March 4th.
Sounds great thanks.
Can I do anything else for you?
I need to know my free time slots.
When do you want to check your schedule?
Check it for Thursday next week.
On March 7th you have free time slot from 7 pm to 11 pm.
When does my calendar show I'm free?
Which day?
The 8th of March.
You have time free from 2:45 pm until 11 pm on March 8th.
I see.
Should I add something to your scheduler.
Not right now.
Do you need further assistance?
What are my free times on the 12th?
On March 12th you have an empty time slot between 6:15 pm and 11 pm.
That is great.
Do you want to add something to your calendar?
No, not right now.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is my availability?
On which date?
On Monday next week.
On March 4th, you are available from 9 am until 11 pm.
Okay. Thanks for the info.
Should I add the event?
No. That's okay.
Is there anything I can do for you?
Can you tell me when I have free time on my schedule?
What day would you like to review?
I'd like to check March 11th.
You have free time available starting at 2:15 pm and ending at 9 pm on March 11th.
I need to know when I am available.
What day?
13th of this month.
On March 13th, you are available from 3:45 pm to 11 pm.
Cool.
Do you want to add an event to your calendar?
No, not now.
Anything else?
Tell me when I am free.
What day shall I search?
Search next Tuesday.
You are free from 9 am to 11 pm on March 5th.
Can you tell me when i am available.
On which date you want to know?
The day is 6th of this month
On march 6th there is 1 empty slots on your calendar. The empty slot begins at 2 pm and ends at 9 pm.
Hi, could you tell me when am I available?
Which date are you referring to?
On the March 7th, please.
You are free from 12:30 pm to 11 pm on March 7th.
I see, thank you!
Would you like me to schedule an event for you?
No, that is not necessary.
Could I further assist you then?
Tell me when I am available.
What day would you like to know?
The day is next Thursday.
The day is March 7th. You have an empty spot that begins at 4:45 pm and ends at 10 pm.
That sounds perfect.
Could I assist you with something else?
Am i free on 3rd of march?
For March 3rd there is free slot form 6 am to 9 pm
Hey, show me when I'm available on the 2nd of March. I want to see if I can take a break.
On March 2nd you're free from 1 pm to 11 pm.
Good to know.
Would you like to add a new event?
Can you find out when I am free?
What date do you want to check?
I would like you to pick the 4th.
You have a free slot from 1 pm to 10 pm on March 4th.
Is there any other free time on next Thursday?
On March 7th you are free from 12:45 pm to 9:30 pm.
That is great.
Should I add any event to your calendar?
Nope. Cancel adding any event.
Shall I assist you with anything else?
Check my availability. I want to plan things.
What date do you want me to check?
Day after tomorrow is the date I am talking about.
The date will be March 3rd and you are free starting from 9 am until 9 pm.
Am I free on other time on the 10th?
On March 10th you will be free from 9 am till 9 pm.
When am I available on the 12th of this month?
On March 12th you are available from 3:15 pm until 9 pm.
Hi, i need a help, i have some programs to do on next weeks, show me when i am available on Tuesday next week.
Sure, i will help you, The date i March 5th , In that date you have an empty slot starting at 6 am and ends at 11 pm
show availability now
what date then?
the date of the 8th
march 8th 1 pm 11 pm
When am I available?
For what date?
The 6th of this month.
On March 6th you have an empty slot starting at 12:15 pm and ending at 11 pm.
I'm looking for more things to do to preoccupy my time the day after tomorrow. Can you tell me when I am free?
Looking at March 3rd, you are free the whole day, from 9 am to 10 pm.
Do i have any availability on the 5th?
On March 5th you have availability from 6:45 pm until 11 pm.
Can you show me my availability?
For which date would you like to know your availability?
I'm looking for the 11th of this month.
You are free from 9:30 am to 11 pm on March 11th.
When am I available on Saturday this week?
On March 2nd you have an empty slot from 1:30 pm until 7:30 pm.
What's my availability on the 13th?
On March 13th, you're free from 9:45 pm until 11 pm.
How about on March 9th?
March 9th, you have free time from 7 am until 11 pm.
Okay, that's good.
Shall I update your calendar with that event?
Hi, could you tell me when I am available please?
On which date are you interested in?
On March 4th, please.
You are available from 1 pm to 11 pm on March 4th.
Thats sounds great!
Would you like to add an event to your calendar?
No, that is not necessary.
Could I further assist you then?
Do I have free time on the 2nd of this month?
On March 2nd you have an empty time slot between 9 am and 12:30 pm
Are there other free time slots? Check on March 12th?
On March 12th you have an empty time slot between 5:30 pm and 8:30 pm.
Show me my availability on the 3rd
You have a empty slot on 6 am to 9 pm on March 3rd
Sounds good to me
Should I add an event on your calendar?
I want to know when I am available on the 7th.
On March 7th you are free from 2:30 pm to 10 pm.
Sounds great to me.
Would you like to add any events that day?
When do I have available free time?
Which date are do you want to know about?
I want to know about the 8th.
You have openings from 4:15 pm until 10 pm on March 8th.
That is great.
Do you want to add an event to your calendar?
No thanks.
Can I assist you with something else?
Tell me what free time I have on the 7th of this month.
You are free from 7 am to 11 pm on March 7th.
Pull up my availability please.
For which date would you like discuss?
The 4th of March please.
On March 4th your availability starts at 4 pm and ends at 10 pm.
Tell me when I have free time.
Can you tell me for which date you want to know when you will be free?
I want you to check for March 9th.
On March 9th, you will be free from 9 am till 11 pm.
Show me when I am free on the 11th.
On March 11th you are free from 8 am till 11 pm.
Can you show me my spare time?
On what date?
On the 12th of March.
You have a large chunk of spare time on March 12th, spanning 9 am to 11 pm.
Sounds good to me.
Want to put an event on your calendar?
Not right now.
Can I help you out further?
What is my availability please?
On which date?
On Monday next week.
On March 4th, you're free from 10 am until 8:30 pm.
Okay, that's good.
Do you want to add something to your schedule?
No, not right now.
What else may I do for you?
I haven't gone out to do something fun in a long time. Can you see when I'm free on my calendar?
Sure, for what date?
Can you check the 10th of this month?
Sure. It looks like on March 10th you're open from 9 am to 9:30 pm.
I'd like to check the weather in Sunol.
The average weather is 92 degrees F with a 12 % chance of rain.
How about ATL on March 14th?
The average temperature is 86 degrees F with a 1 % chance of rain.
How humid will it be?
The humidity is 16 % about.
What about on the next Wednesday?
The average temperature is 87 degrees F with a 25 % chance of rain.
Tell me what the weather is going to be in San Lorenzo on March 6th.
It should be around 77 degrees with a 25 percent chance of rain.
What about humidity and wind?
Humidity is expected to be around 17 percent and the wind should be around 6 miles per hour.
Can you tell me the weather in SF on March 11th?
The temperature should average around 72 degrees with a 7 percent chance of rain.
Hi, I need to check the weather at Rohnert Park, on 3rd of March.
The average Temperature for that day is 75 degrees Fahrenheit. There is about 23 percent of chance of rain.
I want to know the weather.
What city?
Atlanta, Ga please.
The temperature will be 86 degrees Fahrenheit and there is 28 percent chance of rain.
What's the weather in Napa for March 2nd?
The forecast calls for average temperature of 72 degrees for the day. There is a 29 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy?
The average wind speed is forecast at 5 miles per hour.
What's the weather forecast for Portland, OR on the 5th of this month?
The average temperature for the day will be 56 degrees. There is a 12 percent chance of rain.
How humid will it be?
The humidity is about 24 percent.
How windy will it be?
The average wind speed will be 9 miles per hour.
What is the weather forecast for LA on March 5th?
The average temperature for the day is forecast to be 87 degrees. There's a 12 percent chance of rain.
Check weather conditions for March 7th in Vancouver please.
The weather will be about 63 degrees with a 23 percent chance of rain.
What is the wind factor? How humid will it be?
Humidity should be around 11 percent with the wind factor at 13 miles per hour.
Will you check the weather in San Francisco on March 3rd?
Average temperature is 83 degrees Fahrenheit with 27 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell me what the weather will be like on March 2nd in Sacramento?
Sure. The average temperature will be 93 degrees and the chances of rain will be 27 percent.
What about the wind and humidity?
4 mph and 24 percent.
Can you tell me the weather in Yountville?
Sure, the average temperature today is 75 degrees Fahrenheit. There's a 7 percent chance of rain.
What's the forecast for the March 14th?
In which city?
Stanford.
It should be 82 degrees F that day with a 5 % chance of rain.
Any wind?
Just 5 miles per hour.
Can you tell me the weather in ATL on March 1st? I may need to dress differently.
For ATL on March 1st, the average temperature should be 86 degrees with a 28 percent chance of rain.
Check for me please the weather on 11th of this month in District of Columbia.
Will be 25 percent chance of rain and average temperature for the day should be 86 degrees Fahrenheit.
Tell me how it will be humidity and wind.
Around 58 percent will be the humidity and average wind speed should be 8 miles per hour.
Can you tell me what the weather will be in Sonoma on the March 12th?
The temperature that day should average 86 degrees with a 15 percent chance of rain.
What about Brisbane on March 8th?
It should average 83 degrees with a 0 percent chance of rain.
Could you please check for me the weather in Marshall on march 2nd?
The average temperature should be 84 F with a 14 % chance of rain
Thanks, and what about March 14th?
the average temperature should be 78 F with 15 % chance of rain
Thanks, and what about Vancouver, BC?
The average temperature should be 64 F with 30 % chance of rain
Perfect, thanks
Is there anything else I can do for you?
I need to check the next Wednesday weather please.
Which city do you want to check in?
In San Jose.
The average temp is 87 degrees and there is a 7 percent chance of rain.
Please check the weather in LAX for March 10th.
The average temperature for the day is forecast at 91 degrees, with a 10 percent chance of rain.
I want to know how the weather is in Seattle, WA
From what I can see the temperature for the day will be at an average of 74 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 32 percent chance of raining.
Can you tell me what the weather is like on the 11th in Livermore?
It's gonna be 80 degrees with a 13 percent chance of rainfall
Please check the weather in Philadelphia for 1st of this month.
The average temperature is 81 degrees with an 8 percent chance of rain.
what is the expected humidity?
The humidity will be around 23%.
I want to see the weather forecast.
Is there a specific where you want to check the weather for?
I want to see the weather forecast for San Diego.
From what I can tell the average temperature in San Diego should be 90 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is only 1 percent chance of raining.
What's the weather forecast for March 13th?
What city do you want the forecast for?
Stanford
The expected temperature for that day is 73 degrees with a 4 percent chance of rain.
I want to know what the weather is like in Phoenix.
The temperature is 89 degrees Fahrenheit with 15 percent chance of rainfall.
Can you tell me the weather on 13th of March in Orinda?
Sure, the temperature is expected to be about 78 degrees with a 15 percent chance of rain
How about the wind?
Wind speed is expected to be 2 miles per hour.
How about weather in Sacramento, CA on March 1st?
The temperature is expected to be about 82 degrees with a 26 percent chance of rain
What about humidity and wind?
Humidity is expected to be 27 percent with a wind speed of 7 miles per hour
What will the weather be like in New York on March 7th?
A 15 percent chance of rain and an average temperature of 65 degrees.
May I know the weather on March 3rd?
In which city?
Las Vegas please.
It's going to be 91 degrees Fahrenheit and there is 22 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy it's gonna be?
Humidity is around 44 percent and the avaerage wind speed should be 6 miles per hour.
On March 13th, I wish to check the weather in Yountville.
The average temperature is 93 degree Fahrenheit. There are 13 percent chance of rain.
What is the expected humidity?
It is around 24 percent.
What will the weather be on March 13th in SD?
The average temperature will be 75 degrees with a 19 percent chance of rain.
Hi there, may I check the weather in Berkeley now please?
The temperature there today should be 91 degress Fahrenheit with a 17 percent chance of rain.
Can you show me what the weather would be like for March 3rd?
Which city should I check the weather for?
I want to search for Anaheim
Okay, the average temperature is expected to be 87 degrees with a 22 percent chance of rain
How about humidity and wind?
The humidity is expected to be 35 percent with a wind speed of 2 miles per hour.
I'd like to see the weather condition at LAX
It's 76 degrees there with a 28% chance of rain
Please tell me what the weather will be in London On March 3rd.
The weather reports it has an average temperature of 88 degrees with a 29 percent chance of rain.
Could you help me check the weather in london, England on march 13th
the average temperature for the day should be 94 F with 25 % chance of rain
I'd like to spend the day outdoors in Oakland, on March 6th. Please check the weather forecast for me.
The expected average temperature for the day is 90 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 28 percent chance of rain.
What about the wind speed?
The city expects an average wind speed of 6 miles per hour.
What about the expected humidity?
The expected humidity is around 43 percent.
How is the weather in Long Beach on the 7th of this month.
The temperature would be 94 degrees Fahrenheit with 26 percent chance of rain.
How windy or humid would it be?
The humidity is 39 percent and the wind speed would be 2 miles per hour.
I want to check the weather in Brisbane on March 2nd.
The temperature on average should be 75 degrees F with a 9 % chance of rain.
What about Seattle, WA on the next Thursday.
The temperature on average should be 69 degrees F with a 16 percent chance of rain.
What is the wind and humidity like?
The humidity is 20 % and wind speed 8 mph.
I want to search for weather condition. Please search it in Seattle, WA on the 1st.
Checked the same and found the average temperature will be 74 degrees Fahrenheit on that day and there will be chance of 32 % for rain there.
What about the Humidity range?
It is around 25 %.
Okay then, what is the Wind speed?.
It will be around 15 miles per hour.
Check the weather in San Fran on the 10th of March
It's gonna be 93 degrees with a 12% chance of rain
Sure, that's good
What else do you need?
What events do I have on my calendar?
For which dates?
For the 11th of this month.
You have a Hairdresser appointment at 4:30 pm.
I want to check my calendar for events on the 11th of this month.
No problem. You have a Restaurant reservation at Amelie San Francisco at 12:30 pm that day.
check my calendar for events on 4th of march
You have a movie show scheduled to start at 9 pm
do I have anything else scheduled for the 9th of march?
You also have a stylist appointment at the refinery grooming club at 4:30 pm
I would like to check events on my calendar for this Saturday.
There is a movie at 3rd Street Cinema. The event is going to begin at 8:30 pm.
I want to see what events are on my calendar. Check the 10th of this month.
You scheduled a movie booking for Long Shot. The movie starts at 10 pm.
Can you tell me about events on my calendar?
What date would you like to check?
Tell me what I have scheduled on the 11th of March.
You have a restaurant reservation for 6 at The Hog's Apothecary starting at 1:30 pm.
Can you tell me what I have on the 10th.
There's a restaurant reservation for 3 at Lima starting at 6:30 pm
What about the 1st?
At 2 pm there's an Apartment viewing
I need to check my schedule.
For what date?
For later today.
At 4:30 pm, you have a General Practitioner appointment with Sonal Aggarwal, MD.
Ok, great. Thanks.
Anything else I can do?
I'd like to check for scheduled events on my calendar.
Sure, which day?
the 9th
You have a 5:30 pm Water Seed Concert
What do I have on March 10th
There's a 7 pm Reservation at Nopa
Find me events in my calendar.
What day shall I look in?
Find me events on the 3rd of March.
There is a Don Broco concert that begins at 5 pm.
Do I have any events scheduled on March 14th?
You have scheduled an Appointment with Steven C Fong at 4 pm.
Could you look at events on my calendar for the 14th of this month?
There is an apartment viewing starting at 1:30 pm on the 14th.
Are there any events scheduled on March 2nd?
On this day you have a hairdresser appointment starting at 2:30 pm.
I'd like to check the events on my calendar.
What date did you want to find out about?
I'd like to know about Friday next week.
You have a Hairdresser appointment at 6:30 pm that day.
I want to see my events.
On which which day?
The 14th of this month.
You scheduled a restaurant reservation at Firehouse No.1 Gastropub at 11 am.
I need to check my calendar events.
What date do you want to see?
I want to see the 13th of this month.
You have a 1 pm Hairdresser appointment.
That is great.
Can I assist you with something else
Can you see what I have going on in my calendar on the 9th of this month?
You have a stylist appointment at Showroom 383 Salon at 5 pm.
What are my calendar events for the 8th of March?
You have a Dentist appointment with A J Dental Lab at 12 pm on that date.
Sounds great.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I want to check my calendar for the events noted on the date of 9th of this month. Please check the same.
An event name Stylist appointment at Amazon Barber Shop was noted in your calendar for the time 2 pm. Is this the one you are searching for?
Pull up my calendar and let's view next Monday.
I show an Appointment with Darnell Jr Robert at 12 pm.
I want to see the events on my calendar for the 11th of March.
From what I can see in your calendar you have an event called The Drums concert which happens at 7:30 pm.
I want to check out my calendar for 10th of March to see what events I have booked.
You have a 10 am appointment with Dr Ashmita Shetty.
Can you tell me what events I have scheduled?
Sure, what day should I check?
What do I have scheduled on the 6th of this month.
Yu have a Dentist appointment that day at 5:30 pm.
I think I had something planned with a friend later today but I can't remember. Can you check my calendar for March 7th?
Sure. It looks like you have a Movie booking for Breakthrough at 10:30 pm.
What do I have going on in my calendar on the 8th?
You have the Melvins concert at 6 pm.
What do I have scheduled for the 10th of this month?
You have a property viewing at 1 pm on that day.
Hi, I'd like to check my calendar.
Sure, what date would you like to check?
I'd like to know if I have anything on the 5th.
Sure, on the 5th you have an Appointment with New West Dental Laboratory at 3 pm.
Get out my calendar please.
What date may I assist with?
Get the 1st please.
Well, you have a stylist appointment at Salon 815 at 4 pm.
I'd like to check my calendar for the 3rd of this month.
There is a Billy Idol concert at 5 pm.
I need to find events on my calendar.
What date are you searching for?
I am wondering about the 10th.
You will hve a viewing at Shayla apartments starting at 12:30 pm.
Is there anything scheduled on March 3rd?
You have a dentist appointment on March 3rd starting at 1:30 pm.
Can you check what events are on my calendar? I'm curious about Tuesday next week.
On Tuesday you have a Property viewing scheduled for 12 pm.
Okay, thanks.
Do you need anything else at the moment?
Check the events on my calendar for me.
What dates should I look for?
search for the 8th
You have the paper kites concert starting at 7 pm
I'm wondering what my schedule looks like on March 7th.
At 4 pm, you are scheduled for a Hairdresser appointment.
What do I have on March 9th?
On that day at 9:30 pm, you are scheduled for a Movie at CineLux Almaden Cinema.
I like to check events on my calendar and the date is march 12th.
You have a Movie at AMC Brentwood 14 which starts at 10 pm.
Search for events in my calendar.
What day shall I look in?
Find events on the 1st of this month.
There is a Stylist appointment at 11 am.
Do I have any events scheduled on the 5th?
There is an Ophthalmologist appointment with Dr. Claudia S. Pinilla, MD at 2 pm.
Can you check my calendar?
What date do you want?
Check the 12th of March.
At 12 pm you have an Appointment with Tri-Valley Dental Arts.
Pull up my calendar and check upcoming event dates.
I can do that, no problem. What date should we look at?
Pull up the 3rd of March please.
I show an evening event at 7:30 pm titled: Lights Concert.
I want to check the events on my calendar.
No problem. What date do you have in mind?
Check events for March 11th please.
Ok got it. You have a Reservation for 3 people at Hot Crab at 7 pm.
Tell me what events I have scheduled in my calendar for the 13th of this month.
You have a Doctor appointment at 12 pm.
Do I have any events for March 10th?
You have scheduled a Ophthalmologist appointment with Dr. Edward J. Saub at 11 am.
That is fine.
Do you need something more?
I need to check events on my calendar.
No problem. Which date on the schedule would you like to check?
Check events on the 10th of this month for me.
Alright. You have a Chemical Brothers concert scheduled for 7 pm.
Okay, thanks. Do I have anything scheduled for March 3rd?
You have a Billy Idol concert scheduled that date for 5 pm.
I need to make sure I don't forget anything on my calendar.
What day are you wondering about?
That would be the 1st of this month.
You do have something happening that day at 5:30 pm, it is titled Jethro Tull concert.
check events for the 9th on my calendar
You have a dermatologist appointment that starts at 5 pm
Any other events for 5th of march?
You also have a stylist appointment at 3 pm
Please check my calendar on the 14th
you have a stylist appointment at 3:30 pm
I would like to check some calendar events.
What date are you looking at?
I would like Tuesday next week.
There is a table for 6 at Chianti Cucina at 1:30 pm.
Are there other events for March 3rd.
I have an event at 6 pm called Basta Concert.
Check my calendar for events on the 6th of March.
You have movie show at 9:30 pm.
I forgot what time my plans were with my friends. Can you check my calendar for March 13th?
Sure, it looks like you have a Movie show planned for 10:30 pm that day.
Hello, I need to have a look at the events on my calendar.
No problem, which date would you like to see?
I need to know what I'm doing next Thursday.
On Thursday you have a stylist appointment at Herman's Barber Shop & Supply at 2 pm.
Okay, do I have any events going on today?
Today you have a hairdresser appointment at 10:30 am.
I need to check my calendar for some events.
Which date do you need to know?
Look on the 10th of March.
You have a Hairdresser appointment at 12 pm.
I need to check my calendar.
What do you need to know?
What do I have on the 14th of March?
You have a general practitioner appointment at 2 pm.
Search my calendar for events.
What day shall I check?
Check next Tuesday.
You have an event at 6 pm and is a Reservation at Obok Restaurant.
What about events on the 7th of this month?
You have an event at 3 pm and is a Viewing at Raintree Condominiums.
That is fine.
Do you need something more?
Can you check my schedule for the 13th of March?
You have a Dentist appointment with Menasco Matthew at 10:30 am.
I'd like to check for events on my calendar for the 4th of March.
You have a Styx concert starting at 7 pm.
Hi. I need to check events on my calendar.
No problem! Which date would you like me to check?
Tomorrow.
Tomorrow, you have an appointment at Fremont Barber Shop at 5 pm.
Okay, thanks. Do I have anything scheduled on the 7th?
You have a movie booking for Breakthrough at 9 pm.
What do I have scheduled
What date would you like to see?
I need to see what is going on Later today.
You have an appointment with Almaden Dental Care at 2:30 pm.
What else is going on for the 9th.
The only thing you have is a Doctor appointment for 2:30 pm.
Check my calendar for the 8th of this month.
You're going to a movie at Century at Hayward at 10:30 pm.
I need to check events on my calendar for the 11th.
You have a dentist appointment at 3 pm.
I'd like to check the events on my calendar.
What is the date you wanted to find out about?
I'd like to know about Monday next week.
You have an Apartment viewing which starts at 2:30 pm that day.
I need to figure out when I can visit my mom. Can you check a few things on my calendar for me?
Sure, on what day?
What do I have scheduled on the 4th of this month?
Looks like you have a Stylist appointment at 5 pm.
Ok, cool. Can you see what I have on March 8th also?
Sure. Looks like you have an Apartment viewing at 1:30 pm.
Can you help me to find the events on later today in my Calendar? I need to check it now.
You have an event named Movie Booking for the Aftermath in your Calendar which is going to be start at 7 pm. Any more information you need?
Yes, please check the listed events in my Calendar, I want to find one scheduled on the 10th.
It's name is Dentist Appointment with Ghina Morad and the noted time is at 10 am. Hope this will help you.
I want to check the events on my calendar.
Okay no problem. What date would you like to check?
Check my calendar for events on the 13th of this month.
Sure thing. You have an Apartment viewing at Arbor Ridge Apartments at 12:30 pm.
I would like to know what's on my calendar.
For which date?
For the 4th.
You have a Timmy Trumpet concert for 7:30 pm
I'd like to check events on my calendar on the 14th of this month.
You have a Basketball game at Wintrust Arena scheduled for 6 pm.
Do I have any events scheduled for the 5th of March?
You are going to a Movie show at 10 pm.
I think I have an appointment coming up but I can't remember. Can you check my calendar for the 4th of this month?
Sure. It looks like you have a General Practitioner appointment with Hipolito Ernesto B MD at 1 pm.
I want to check the list of events noted in my Calendar for which I need your help.
In which date do you want me to check the events in your Calendar?
Check it on Thursday next week.
Your Calendar have a note of an event named Appointment with Petaluma Dental Associates for the time 3:30 pm. Is this the one you are searching for?
Check for me please events on my calendar.
On what date you want to know?
On March 3rd will be fine.
You have event at 4 pm called Movie at AMC Deer Valley 16.
Can you look at what I have on my calendar?
Which date do you want to know?
Check on the 8th.
At 6:30 pm you have a baseball game: Arizona Vs La Dodgers.
What's happening on the 13th?
At 1 pm you have a viewing at Oregon Park Senior Apartments.
Please check my calendar events.
For which date?
Please check for March 9th.
An appointment nat 5:30 pm has been scheduled with Stylist appointment at Sport Clips Haircuts of Morgan Hill.
Are there other event on the 13th of this month?
The Lights concert is scheduled for 6:30 pm.
I need to find out what's on my calendar for the 13th.
At 1 pm I see an Apartment Viewing at Sherwood Oaks Apartments.
Check my calendar
For what day?
The 10th
Your have a Doctor appointment at 4 pm.
Will you check events on my calendar?
Which date?
10th of March.
Stylist appointment at 5:30 pm.
Check my calendar.
For what date?
March 8th
You have a reservation for 5 people at Beso Bistronomia at 11:30 am.
I would like to check my calendar.
What date do you want to look?
I would like to see the 14th of March.
You have an Apartment viewing at arbors at mountain view at 3 pm.
I need to check events on my calendar.
What date would you like to check?
Check the 7th of this month.
There is a viewing at Napa Park Homes at 3:30 pm.
Is there anything else scheduled on March 8th?
There is a stylist appointment at Supercuts at 12:30 pm.
I need to check what events I have on my calendar.
Sure, what day?
the 5th of this month.
There's a 1 pm general practitioner appointment
What do I have going on for march 7th?
At 7:30 pm there's a Timmy Trumpet concert.
Please help me check events in my calendar
Any particular date I should search?
Please search the 5th of March.
You have a Hairdresser appointment at 2:30 pm.
I need to check my events calendar.
Is there a specific date you want to look at?
Please check March 12th.
You have a movie at Alamo Drafthouse Cinema at 12 pm that day.
I would like to check my calendar events.
What date are you looking at?
I would like Monday next week.
The event is happening 10:30 pm for a movie at AMC NewPark 12.
What other events do you have March 11th?
I have a doctor appointment at 3:30 pm.
That sounds very good.
What else can I help you with?
Hi, I want to check what I have on my calendar.
Okay, which date do you want to look at?
I need to see the 7th of this month.
You have an appointment at Sunny Salon at 10:30 am.
Do I have any events on the 12th of this month?
That day you have a dentist appointment with Kobayashi James Y at 11:30 am.
Please check events on my calendar for March 1st.
At 11:30 am you have a viewing at Aster Park Apartments.
What is on my calendar for the 11th of this month?
You have a 10:30 am viewing at Keller Plaza Apartments.
What about March 7th?
A 2 pm Dermatologist appointment with Sumaira Z. Aasi MD.
I want to see what's currently in my calendar.
Shall I check a particular date?
Look at the day after tomorrow.
You've got an apartment viewing starting at 3 pm.
What's going on on the 4th of this month?
You have a doctor appointment at 5:30 pm.
Alright then, thanks for checking.
Do you want help with anything else?
I wanna see what's on my calendar for the 14th of March.
There is an apartment viewing at 5:30 pm.
Is there anything else on March 3rd?
There is 1 event. An ophthalmologist appointment at 1:30 pm.
What does my March 2nd look like?
You have to go to an Apartment viewing at 3 pm.
Can you please check my calendar for March 1st?
You have an appointment with Lee Clara starting at 2:30 pm.
Could you look up some events on my planner.
On which date will I check?
The 3rd of March.
You have a 10 am General Practitioner appointment with Dr. Mark N. Isaacs, MD.
I would like to check out some events for my calendar of Wednesday next week.
You have an activity at 3 pm for your General Practitioner appointment.
What do I have going on for the 3rd of March?
You got a Colin James Concert at 7:30 pm.
I need to see what events I have scheduled.
Sure, what date are you interested in?
Check what I have scheduled on March 10th.
You have a Damien Jurado concert starting at 6:30 pm on that day.
Will you check my calendar?
Which date?
March 5th.
Shanice concert at 5 pm.
What's listed on my calendar for March 14th?
You have a movie at AMC Mercado 20 at 10:30 pm.
Check for me events on my calendar.
On what date you want?
On 4th of this month will be okay.
You have an event called Yunger concert that starts at 7:30 pm.
What events do I have on my calendar?
Is there a specific date that you are interested in?
Yes, the 9th.
You have a Movie show at 4 pm that day.
I want to see the events I have planned on my calendar for March 3rd.
I see that you have a General Practitioner appointment planned for 10 am.
Can you see if there are other events scheduled for the 14th?
There is another event called Apartment viewing, which starts at 5:30 pm.
Please tell me what events I have scheduled for the 1st.
You have an appointment at Miller and Mane at 10:30 am.
Help me look up events on my calendar.
What date do you want to look up?
I want to look up the 13th.
On that date you have a Lunch at Sanctuary Bistro starting at 12:30 pm.
What events do I have scheduled on March 1st?
On that date you a Dentist appointment with Sonrisas Community Dental Center starting at 2 pm.
Okay, nice.
Do you need any other help?
Find me events on my calendar.
What day do you want me to search in?
Find events on the 3rd.
At 12 pm, you have a Reservation at Puesto Santa Clara.
I need to check calendar events. The date is to be next Thursday.
On your selected date there is a Gorgasm concert. The event will begin at 6 PM.
OK, that sounds good.
Is there anything else that I may help you with?
I'd like to check my calendar for the 2nd of this month.
You have a Dermatologist appointment at 10 am.
Can you check events on my calendar for 13th of march
You have a movie show scheduled at 10:30 pm
I need to know what upcoming events I have scheduled.
Sure, what date should I check?
Please check my calendar for March 13th.
You have a Movie show starting at 10:30 pm that day.
Today's Friday, March 13th. I'll probably have bad luck if I go out, so I guess I'll just stay home. I wonder if there's anything I was supposed to do? Do I have anything scheduled for today?
You just have a stylist appointment at Exclusive Spa at 5:30 pm.
I need to check my calendar to see what I have going on.
Was there a certain date you were curious about?
The date I want is March 12th.
There is Hairdresser Appointment scheduled for 4 pm on that day.
I would like to check the calendar for events.
What date do you want?
I want the date March 12th.
The event starts at 12 pm for the ophthalmologist appointment with Dr. Randal Pham MD, MS, FACS.
I need you to check my calendar for events.
Which date will I check?
Saturday this week.
You have a doctor appointment at 11 am.
I want to check my events on my calendar for Friday next week.
You have a Table for 4 at Wild Goat Bistro at 7:30 pm.
I would like to check my calendar for Tuesday next week.
You have a Movie show at 9 pm.
That sounds good.
Can I help with anything else?
Check for me please in my calendar for events in the 12th.
You at 3:30 pm a Dentist appointment.
I need to check calendar events for next Monday.
You have a restaurant reservation for 4 at Mariscos El Patron at 12 pm.
I would like to check my calendar for the 9th.
You have a general practitioner appointment that starts at 3 pm.
What's on my calendar for the 8th of this month?
You have an apartment viewing at 4:30 pm.
I would like to check my calendar on the 14th of this month.
You have a viewing at Muir Park Condominiums at 4:30 pm.
What do I have schedule Tuesday next week?
You have a 12 pm property viewing
Great.
Anything else you need?
Let's peek into my calendar shall we?
What date shall we look at?
Try Next Tuesday for me.
Well, you have Table for 5 at lark Creek Steak at 11 am.
Please check my calendar events.
For which date?
Please check the 2nd of this month.
You have a property viewing scheduled at 12 pm.
I want to see what I have scheduled for the 1st of this month.
You have a hair Appointment at Great Clips at 12 pm.
Please check the events on my calendar.
Which date should I view?
Please view March 1st.
On that day you have a 12:30 pm lunch at Old Weang Ping.
Do I have any events scheduled on the 9th of this month?
Yes, you have a movie at Landmark's Piedmont Theatre starting at 9:30 pm.
I'd like to see what I have on my calendar for March 4th.
You'll be watching a movie show at 8:30 pm on that day.
Give me the lowdown on what's going on with my calendar on the 10th of this month.
Sure you have a 4 pm General Practitioner appointment.
I'd like to check events on my calendar for the 7th of March.
That day you have a property viewing at 3:30 pm.
Check my calendar for the 13th of March.
On March 13th, you have an Apartment viewing at 10 am.
I am looking for events on the 11th of this month.
There is a Murder City Devils concert starting at 7 pm.
Please check what's on my calendar.
For what date do you want calendar details?
Please tell me about the 13th of this month.
At 3 pm, you have a General Practitioner appointment with Dr. Vilasini M. Ganesh, MD. That is all.
What do I have going on for Monday next week?
You have a 3:30 pm Dentist appointment.
What about the 11th?
You have a 10 pm movie show.
Please check what events I have on my calendar on March 7th.
You have a Stylist appointment at Wash & Brushup Co. at 11 am.
Check for me please events on calendar in 10th of March.
You have Appointment with Palo Alto at 2:30 pm.
Sounds okay.Thank you.
Can I help you with something else?
I want to see events on my calendar.
What date do you want to look up?
I want to look at March 10th.
There is a Jamey Johnson concert starting at 6 pm.
Are there other events on the schedule for the 12th?
You have a dentist appointment starting at 4 pm.
Can you check if I have any events on the 4th of this month?
You have a Apartment viewing at Park Orchard Apartments at 5 pm.
Do I have any events on March 11th?
You have a apartment viewing at 11 am.
What's on my calendar for Thursday next week?
You have a Hairdresser appointment set for 4 pm
Please check my calendar
what date do you want me to check
please check on march 13th
you have a movie show at 10:30 pm
I would like to see the events that I have on my calendar.
Can you tell me for which date do you want to check for events?
The date I am looking for is next Thursday.
From what I can see in your calendar you have a Restaurant reservation for 2 at Wago Sushi Sf at 11 am.
I am wanting to check events on my calendar for March 3rd.
You have a scheduled Viewing at San Jose Apartments that will begin at 2:30 pm.
Are there any other events I have scheduled on the 11th of this month?
You have a scheduled Apartment viewing at Briarwood at Central Park that will begin at 3:30 pm.
Can you help me check the events on my calendar?
Sure, What date are you interested in hearing about?
What do I have going on the 14th of this month?
For the 14th of this month, I show you have an appointment for a viewing at Civic Plaza Apartments at 1:30 pm.
Can you check events on my calendar please?
Which date would you like me to check?
Check the 14th and tell me what I have scheduled.
A Movie at AMC Mercado 20 which starts at 10:30 pm.
Please help me check events on my calender.
Which date should I search?
Please search tomorrow.
You have a 3 pm Dentist appointment with Andrei Simel , Family & Cosmetic Dentisry.
Im looking for events on my calendar
In which date do you want
On 9th of this month
You have a movie booking for hellboy at 8:30 pm
I would like to review my calendar appointments
What specific day are you interested in reviewing?
I'm looking for the 4th
On the 4th, you have a scheduled Appointment at B Parlor beginning at 1:30 pm
Are there any engagements slotted for next Wednesday?
On that day, you have an Apartment viewing at North Dutton Apartments beginning at 1:30 pm.
Please check my calendar for events.
Which date should I view?
Please look at the 13th of this month.
On that day you have a 3:30 pm appointment at Evoke Beauty Salon.
I would like to look for events on my calendar.
What date do you want to check?
I want to check the 12th.
There is a property viewing on the 12th at 12:30 pm.
Are there ay other events scheduled on March 4th?
YOu have lunch at Puccini & Pinetti on March 4th at 5 pm.
Would you please run down my calendar with me for the 2nd of this month?
Of course. You have a movie show scheduled on that date for 9:30 pm.
Can you check my calendar for the 4th?
On this date you have an Apartment viewing at 3 pm?
Can you check my calendar event on the 7th of this month?
An event titled Appointment with Ueno Masayuki is scheduled at 12 pm.
Are there any event son the 6th of March?
You have a property viewing at 10 am.
I need to check my calendar events.
On which date?
On Thursday next week.
An event named Restaurant reservation at Scott's Seafood Restaurant is scheduled at 7:30 pm.
What's up with me on the 12th of March?
You have a Restaurant reservation for 2 at Izanami. It's at 6 pm.
Can you help me check my calendar?
Sure, what date?
The 9th of March please
You're going to a Zz Top concert at 6 pm
I need to check my calendar for events.
What date do you need to check?
Check the 10th of this month.
You have a property viewing starting at 2:30 pm.
Can you check my events calendar?
Which date should I check?
The 12th of this month, please.
You have a Stylist appointment at 11 am.
Do I have any events scheduled for the 11th of March?
You have an Appointment with Linda K. Low at 10 am.
Check the events on my calendar for me
What date should I search for?
5th of March
You have a stylist appointment at supercuts sequoia station at 10 am
do I have any other events scheduled for friday next week?
You also have a restaurant reservation at platano at 5:30 pm
That sounds okay.
Do you need my help with anything else?
Hey, I need to check my calendar.
Which date do you want to check?
The 5th of March.
You have a New Found Glory Concert at 5:30 pm.
I want to look my events on my calendar
On what date
On the 8th
You have viewing at Willowbrook apartments at 12 pm
Can you check events on my calendar?
Which date do you want me to search for?
Check for the date the 13th.
There is a General Practitioner appointment starting at 5 pm.
Check events on my calendar.
What date do you want?
The 1st of this month.
At 10 am you have dentist appointment.
Thanks for the info.
Is there anything else?
Some friends are coming ovre and I want to know what I have scheduled for the 12th of March.
There is 1 event in your callendar, you have a property viewing at 5 pm.
Can you tell me what my calendar looks like on March 11th?
At 5:30 pm, you are going to a Jordan Rakei concert.
Is there anything else I have on the 10th of this month?
At 11:30 am, you have a dentist appointment with Dr. Sridevi Alapati.
Okay, that's good.
What else may I help you with?
What do I got going on in my calendar.
For which date.
Monday next week.
You have the Imperial Daze Concert at 5:30 pm.
Nice. Thanks.
You're welcome. What else?
check my calendar for me
which date should I search for?
Find me events for tuesday next week
You have a lights concert starting at 6 pm
Can you check calendar events for Monday next week?
You have an Ophthalmologist appointment beginning at 4:30 pm.
So I have any other events scheduled on the 6th of March?
At 10:30 pm, you have a Movie at Century 16.
Find me events that I have on my calendar for the 9th of this month.
At 2 pm, you have an Appointment at Drybar Union Square.
Can you check the 11th of this month on my calendar?
You have a Movie Show at 10 pm.
Can you check my calendar?
Sure, what date should I check?
Do March 5th.
You have a restaurant reservation for 6 at Bangkok Garden at 11:30 am.
I'd like to check the events on my calendar.
What is the date you wanted to know about?
I'd like to know about the 11th of this month.
You have a Property viewing starting at 4:30 pm that day.
Did I have any other events schedule for next Wednesday?
You have a Movie booking for Breakthrough event starting at 10 pm.
Check for me my calendar on the 11th, please.
You have an event at 5:30 pm called Appointment with Lee Clara.
I want to check my calendar on the 11th.
You are watching a movie show ending at 10 pm.
Is there anything else schedule next Monday?
You have a restaurant reservation for 4 at Mariscos El Patron starting at 12 pm.
I want you to get my calendar.
How about giving me the date?
start with the 9th.
You have a viewing at Casa Bonita. It begins at 12:30 pm.
I want to see what's happening in my schedule on March 8th.
You have a reservation at Mirchi Cafe that starts at 11:30 am.
What events do I have scheduled on March 1st.
You have a stylist appointment at 6 pm.
I want to check my calendar for events.
What date should I check?
Check Sunday this week.
On Sunday you have a Stylist appointment at 6:30 pm.
Can you check my schedule for March 11th?
You have a Movie booking for Long Shot which starts at 10:30 pm.
Ok. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Please help me check my calendar events.
What date would you like to check.
Check March 10th.
On that date you have a Movie at The New Parkway Theater that begins at 10:30 pm.
I want to see what I have down on my calendar.
On what day, exactly?
On March 1st.
On that day, you'll be going to a stylist appointment at Quality Men's Haircuts at 6:30 pm.
What do I have going on on the 14th of this month?
You have a gynecologist appointment at 1 pm.
Yikes. What about the 11th?
You have an appointment with Spate Daniel J. at 4 pm.
Please check on availability on my calendar
For which date do you want me to check
Please check on 4th of this month
You have a movie show start at 8:30 pm
Can you check my calendar for me?
What date do you want to look at?
I'd like to see the 8th.
You have a Viewing at Charter Oaks Apartments starting at 4:30 pm.
Do I have anything scheduled on March 14th?
Yes, you have a Reservation for 5 people at Maroo Korean Cuisine at 11:30 am.
What alarms do I have please?
You have 2 alarms set, one for 7 am that is called Wake up.
Are there any other alarms?
There is an alarm called Pick up kids that is set for 4:30 pm.
Ok, perfect!
Do you want to add any alarms?
Yes, I would like to add one for 4:15 in the evening.
Please confirm that you are creating an alarm for 4:15 pm that is named New alarm.
Yes, that is correct.
Sorry, I wasn't able to set it, is there anything else I can do for you?
Can you add one for 5:15 in the evening?
Please confirm that you are creating an alarm at 5:15 pm that is called New alarm.
Yes, that is correct.
The alarm was has been added successfully.
Thank you!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you, thank you for your help!
Thank you, bye!
I want to see my alarms.
You have 2 alarms including one called Wake Up set for 7 am.
Please add an alarm at 17:15 called Cleaning.
Please confirm you want an alarm called Cleaning at 5:15 pm.
Yes please.
The alarm is added.
Thank you.
May I further assist you?
Not at this time.
Thank you.
Please show me the all my current alarms.
You have one alarm for 6:30 am, called Wake up.
Okay, that's good. I'd like to set another alarm for five pm.
Let me see if I got everything correctly: You'd like a New alarm created for 5 pm. Correct?
That is correct.
I have successfully added your alarm.
Thanks a million. That's all for now.
Thank you and good bye.
Can you display my alarms? I really need to make sure I'm up early tomorrow.
You currently have 2 alarms set, one of which goes off at 8:30 am and has the name wake up.
You said I have two alarms. What does the other alarm do?
The other alarm goes off at 10:30 am and has the name shuttle to work.
I'd like to establish a third alarm, that goes off at evening 4:30.
So you want to set up a new alarm that goes off at 4:30 pm?
Indeed I do.
I have added the alarm for you.
Many thanks. That's all I need.
It was a pleasure to help.
Can you show me all my active alarms?
Sure. You have one at 9 am called Wake Up
Okay great, thanks
Do you want to add another alarm.
Yes please, add an alarm and call it Grocery Run at 4:45 pm
Confirming your 4:45 pm Grocery Run Alarm
Actually make it at quarter past 5 in the evening and name it Leave for Home
Confirming your 5:15 pm alarm named Leave for Home, yes?
Yes? That's right
I've created that alarm for you
Thank you for doing that
Sure, anything else?
Nothing else, thanks so much
You are very welcome
I want to know what alarms I have on.
You have 2 alarms on now. There is one for 6 am to wake up.
Nice. I would like to add one alarm called cleaning.
What time do you want this alarm to be?
Put it for evening 4.
Okay, please confirm that you want to create a 4 pm alarm called cleaning.
Yep.
I made the alarm successfully.
Thanks so much.
Do you need help with something else?
No, that is all. Thank you so much.
Thanks.
I thought I set an alarm? I can't afford to be late again... What alarms do I have set?
You set 2 alarms. One is for 8:30 am and is called Wake up.
Ah, looks like I forgot to set it after all. Can you add a new alarm called Music practice?
Sure. What time do you want this alarm to go off at?
I should set it a little before practice, so 5:15 pm.
You want an alarm called Music practice to go off at 5:15 pm?
Wait a minute. I don't have practice today so there's no point in setting this alarm now. I'll just do it later. Ah, but do have to get groceries today. Forget about the music practice alarm, can you create an alarm called Grocery run for 3 pm?
You want an alarm called Grocery run to go off at 3 pm?
That's right.
Your alarm has been created.
Thank you very much.
Do you need anything else?
That's all, thanks.
Glad to be of help.
What alarms do I have set at the moment?
You've got 2 set up, there's one called Wake Up set for 9 am
Okay, thanks
Do you want me to set another one up?
Yeah actually, can you set one up called Leave for home?
Yeah I can do that. What time shall I add it for?
16:30 please
Okay, just to check, are you happy for me to set up a new alarm for 4:30 pm called Leave for home?
Yes please
Great, I've set it up for you
Thank you! I don't need anything else
No problem! Have a wonderful day
Tell me my alarms.
There's an alarm called Wake up at 8 am.
Alright, fine. I'd like to add a new alarm named Leave for home.
When do you want me to set the alarm at?
Name the new alarm Cleaning and set it at afternoon 3:30.
Please verify the following information: make a new alarm for 3:30 pm called Cleaning.
Correct.
The alarm was created.
Thank you for your assistance; that's all.
Thank you very much.
Hello, could you tell me what alarms I have set?
You have currently set 2 alarms, one of which is titled Wake up to be sound at 6 am.
Sure, could you help me add an alarm titled Grocery run?
What time would you like to set the alarm for?
This evening 5 would be great.
Please confirm your request to set an alarm at 5 pm for Grocery run.
Yes, I would like to confirm.
I have successfully set your alarm.
Sure, thank you very much!
No worries, have a great day.
Please tell me which alarms are currently set.
There are currently 2 alarms set to go off. There is an alarm at 7 am with the title Wake Up.
Good, please add an additional alarm.
For which time would you like to set the alarm?
Please set the alarm for 5:15 pm.
Please verify the following. You would like to set the alarm New Alarm for 5:15 pm. Is this correct?
That's correct.
The new alarm has been added.
Thanks, that's all.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Can you please show me the current alarms I have set?
You have 2 alarms set, the first is for 7 am that is named Wake Up.
Are there any others?
There is another alarm at 9 am with a name Shuttle to work.
Okay, thank you. I would like to add an alarm.
What time should I set the alarm for.
It will be for 4:15 in the evening and please name it Cleaning.
Please confirm the following: Creating an alarm for 4:15 pm with the name Cleaning.
Correct.
The alarm has been added.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No thank you.
Thank you.
Show me my alarms, please.
You have a Wake up alarm for 9 am.
Great.
Would you like to add another alarm?
Yes. Add a new alarm and call it Phone home.
What time should I set the new alarm for?
Set it for three pm.
You want me to create an alarm called Phone home set for 3 pm, is that correct?
Yes it is.
Your new alarm was added successfully.
Thanks a ton!
Can I help you with anything else?
No. Thank you.
You're welcome.
What alarms do I currently have set?
You currently have 2 alarms set, one of which is set for 7:30 am and titled Wake up.
Okay, that's fine.
Do you need me to add an alarm to the ones you already have?
Yes, I need to add an alarm at 3:30 in the afternoon for my daughter's game today.
Great, please verify that you need me to create an additional alarm, set to go off at 3:30 pm labeled new alarm.
Yes, that is correct.
I have successfully added that alarm for you.
Thank you so much, I really appreciate it.
It is my pleasure. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, hang on. Never mind. Thanks again.
Thank you for allowing me to help.
Get my alarm monitor.
Sure, you have 2 alarms set. One is 6:30 am for wake up.
And, the other?
8:30 am for shuttle to work.
Great, thanks.
What alarm will you add?
Give me 3:45 pm.
This is what I'm adding. New alarm at 3:45 pm.
confirmed and valid.
Got it added for you.
That's going to be a big help.
What alarm is next?
Nothing. I'm good for now.
Wonderful. I'll alert you at 3:45
What alarms do I have set?
There are 2 alarms set. The first alarm is Wake up at 8 am.
Okay, thank you.
Do you need to add another alarm?
Yes, make an alarm called music practice.
What time is the alarm?
Set it for the evening 4:15.
Please confirm: An alarm called music practice set for 4:15 pm.
Yes, that's correct.
Your alarm has been set.
Thanks so much.
Anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all.
Thank you very much.
Can you bring up my alarms, please?
You currently have 2 alarms set. One with the name Wake up is set for 6 am.
Nice.
Would you like me to add an alarm?
Yes. Let's make a new alarm called Leave for home.
When should I set this alarm for?
Set it for a quarter past 5 in the evening.
To confirm: You'd like me to create an alarm called Leave for home with a time of 5:15 pm, correct?
Yes, that is correct.
I was unable to set the alarm, unfortunately. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Can you try again? Try calling the alarm Grocery run.
To confirm: You'd like me to create an alarm with the name Grocery run for 5:15 pm.
No. Instead I'd like the alarm set for a quarter past 4 in the evening.
To confirm: You'd like me to create am alarm with the name Grocery run for 4:15 pm, correct?
Yes, that is correct.
I was unable to set the alarm. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, thank you. Thanks for your help.
You're quite welcome.
I want to check on my alarms.
You have an alarm set for 6 am called Wake up.
That is fine. I want another alarm set for 3:15 in the afternoon. Name it Cooking.
Let me confirm that you want to create an alarm named Cooking for 3:15 pm.
That is correct.
The alarm was set successfully.
Thank you very much. That is all I need.
Thanks.
Please show me my alarms that are currently active.
Currently, there are 2 alarms set up. There is the alarm Wake up set for 6 am.
What are the other alarms?
You have an alarm called Pick up kids set for 5 pm.
Good, please add another alarm for Grocery Run. Please set this alarm at four pm.
Please verify the following. You would like to create the alarm Grocery run for 4 pm. Is this Correct?
That's correct.
Unfortunately, the alarm was unable to be created. Do you require any further assistance.
No, thank you.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Can you show me my set alarms please?
Yes, you have a Wake up alarm at 8:30 am.
I see, could you add an alarm at 4:15 in the evening?
Please confirm your action to set an alarm at 4:15 pm titled New alarm.
Sure thing, thanks!
Your alarm has been successfully set.
Thanks a bunch!
Do you need any further assistance?
No, that's all i need.
No problem, have a great day!
I want to see my alarms.
You have 2 alarms. The first is Wake up at 6:30 am.
What are the other alarms?
There is an alarm for shuttle to work at 8:30 am.
Okay. I want to add an alarm for the afternoon 3:45.
Please confirm: Adding alarm New alarm at 3:45 pm.
No, set the alarm for quarter past 5 in the evening. The alarm is music practice.
Please confirm: Adding alarm music practice at 5:15 pm.
Yes, that's correct.
The alarm has been added.
Thanks, that's all.
Thanks. Have a good day.
What alarms do I have set?
You have 2 set including Wake up at 7:30 am.
What's the other one?
Shuttle to work at 9:30 am.
Okay good to know.
Do you need to add a new alarm?
Yes can you add another one,
What time should I set it for?
Four in the evening
Confirming New Alarm for 4 pm.
Can you change it to afternoon 3:45 and rename it to Cleaning.
Confirming change name to Cleaning and time to 3:45 pm.
Yes thank you.
That alarm has been set.
Okay thank you.
Have a great day.
Can you show me my alarms?
There is an alarm set at 7 am named Wake up.
Ok thank you for the information.
Do you want to add a new alarm?
Yes, let's add an alarm.
What time do you want the alarm at?
Can you set the alarm for three pm?
Yes creating an alarm for 3 pm with the name New alarm.
Perfect thank you for that.
The alarm had been added.
That is all I needed, thank you.
Have a good day.
Please show me my alarms for the day.
You have an alarm named Wake up set for 6 am.
Awesome, thank you.
Would you like to add an alarm?
Yes, I'd like to add an alarm please.
What time would you like to set the alarm for?
Set it for the afternoon 3:45.
Please confirm the following: Create an alarm at 3:45 pm named New alarm.
Yes, that's right.
Your alarm has been added successfully.
Okay, thanks a ton.
Anything else i can help you with?
No, that is all. Thank you.
Thank you, have a great day.
What are the alarm times?
A Wake up alarm for 6:30 am
That's great
Can i add an alarm?
Yes please
May i know the time of alarm?
Set it for afternoon 3:45
Please confirm this: creating an alarm at 3:45 pm with name New alarm
Please change it to 15:00 with name Cooking
Please confirm this: creating alarm at 3 pm with name Cooking
That's perfect
Successfully added the alarm
Thanks a lot
Do you need anything else?
No. That's all for now. Thank you
Thank you
Can you display my alarms for me?
You have an alarm that goes off at 7:30 am, for when you want to wake up.
Is that the only alarm I have?
No. You have another one that goes off at 3 pm, so you can pick up kids from school.
Good to know.
Would you like to add another alarm?
Yes, I would like to add another alarm. Make it for 5:15 pm.
You want to set up a new alarm that notifies you at 5:15 pm. Is that right?
Wait, I need it to specifically notify me for music practice.
Okay. So this alarm will go off at 5:15 pm and tell you it's time for music practice?
That is correct.
I have added the new alarm.
Great! That's all I need.
Glad I could be of assistance.
Can you please say how are my alarms set?
You set 2 alarms, one is at 6:30 am with Wake up.
Fine, I want to set another one.
Details please sir.
Set it at 4:15 in the evening.
Confirm the details please, New alarm at 4:15 pm.
Great that's it.
I couldn't do it , sorry. Any other help you need?
Can you retry with 3:30 pm?
You demanded New alarm at 3:30 pm, is it right?
Yes, go ahead.
Fine, its done.
Great help, thank you.
Welcome sir, always keep in touch for any help.
Can you show me the alarms I have?
You have an alarm at 7 am called Wake Up.
Okay, that's good. I want to make a new alarm for 5:15 pm. It'll be called Music practice.
Okay, I'll make a new alarm for 5:15 pm called Music practice, is that right?
Yeah, that's right.
I've added the new alarm.
Thanks a lot.
What else can I do for you.
Nothing else, thanks again.
Okay, thanks.
I have to wake up early. Show me my alarms.
There's one for 6 am titled Wake Up.
Any others?
There's one for 8 am titled Shuttle to work.
Good to know.
Do you want to add a new alarm?
Yes, please. Title it Cleaning.
For what time should I set it?
For evening 4:15.
So you want to add an alarm to 4:15 pm titled Cleaning?
Yes, that's it.
Your alarm was successful added.
Thanks a lot.
Can I help you in anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Have a amazing day. Thank you.
Please show me which alarms I currently have set.
There are currently 2 alarms that are set. There is an alarm called Wake up set for 7:30 am.
Good, Please add another alarm for the evening 4:30. This alarm is for Phone home.
Please verify the following details. You would like to set an alarm for 4:30 pm called Phone home. Is this correct?
That's correct.
The new alarm has been successfully created.
Thank you, that's all.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
When are my alarms?
You have 2 alarms set. One is 6:30 am called wake up.
Ok, I need to add another at quarter to 4 in the afternoon.
Please confirm: add an alarm for 3:45 pm titled new alarm
Yes.
I wasn't able to set an alarm. Can I do anything else for you?
Nope. Thanks though.
You're welcome.
Could you tell me what alarms I have on?
YOu have 2 alarms, and one is for 6:30 am called wake up.
Cool.
Would you like to add an alarm?
Yes, please.
What time do you want me to set it?
Please set it up for 16:30.
Please confirm that you want to create an alarm for 4:30 pm called new alarm.
That is right.
Your alarm was added successfully.
Thank you so much. That is all for now.
Thanks.
I need to know how many alarms are there in my list? can you please show it now?
You have a Wake up alarm at 7:30 am, including this currently you have 2 alarms in total.
That's fine. Please make an addition of new alarm for evening 4:30.
Please confirm to add an alarm at 4:30 pm in the name New Alarm.
That is correct, add it.
Alarm was added to your list.
Thank you for your help.
Anymore help you need from me?
No, that's all for now and thanks.
Thank you.
What time are my alarms set for?
You have an alarm set for 6:30 am called Wake up.
Please can I add a new alarm.
What time would you like to set the alarm for?
For 3:45 PM
Sure. So you would like an alarm to be created for 3:45 pm called New Alarm.
Yes please.
Your alarm has been created.
Thanks.
Do you need help with anything else?
No thanks.
Cheers.
Hey! I set a reminder in my clock. Please can you tell me at what time the alarm is set?
Hello! In the name Wake up, an alarm is set at 7 am and totally there are 2 alarms set currently in your clock.
Oh! is it so.. Fine.
Do you want to modify the alarm timings or do you wish to add any more?
Yup! I wish to add an alarm in the name Phone home. Can you do that for me?
At what time, you want the alarm to be set?
Please set the alarm for 4:45 pm today.
Okay! Can you affirm me that you wish to create a new alarm in the name Phone home at 4:45 pm. Is that correct?
Nope, sorry! Please set at 3:30 in the afternoon.
Okay! I've made the changes. Please confirm me that you wish to create a new alarm in the name Phone home at 3:30 pm, right?
Nope, please can you modify the alarm name to be Leave for home?
Yup! I can do that for you. I've modified your alarm name to be Leave for home and is set at 3:30 pm. Is that okay for you?
Yup!
Your new alarm is added to your clock successfully and you will be reminded of at that time.
Thanks a bunch.
Do you want to set any other alarm timings?
Nope, that's it for the day. Thanks a lot.
Welcome. Thank you too.
Can you tell me what alarms I have saved?
There is an alarm with the name Wake up that is set for 9 am.
Ok, great. I need to add an alarm.
What time should I set the new alarm for?
Set it for four in the evening.
Ok, create alarm for 4 pm with the name New alarm. Is that correct?
Yes, that is correct.
Alarm was added successfully.
Thank you. That is all I need for today.
My pleasure. Have a great day.
I want to know how many alarms are there in my list, can you show me
Yes, you have a Wake up alarm for the time 9 am.
am I have any other alarms in my list?
Yes, one more that is for 4:30 pm in the name Pick up kids.
That is okay, fine.
Do you have an idea to add a new alarm now to your list?
Yes, I have. Please do a favor for me.
What is it and at what time you want the alarm and also let me know the name in which I have to store it.
Please make it in the name Music practice for the time 17:15.
need your confirmation to set an alarm at 5:15 pm in the name Music Practice.
That is correct, proceed.
alarm was added to your list successfully.
That's all I want. Thanks.
with Pleasure.
I want to check the weather in El Sobrante on the 6th of March 2019.
The average temperature for the day should be 76 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 9 percent chance of rain.
Okay, how about the weather in Guerneville on the 1st of March 2019?
The average temperature for the day should be 89 degrees Fahrenheit with an 11 percent chance of rain.
How humid is it supposed to be?
There should be around 28 percent humidity.
Okay.
Do you need anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Goodbye.
Can you tell me what the weather is like in Nairobi, Kenya.
The temperature average during the day is 105 degrees Fahrenheit. And there's also a 0 percent chance it will rain.
Alright, how's the weather for Kenwood on March 5th 2019?
It will be 90 degrees Farhrenheit on average during the day, and there's a 27 percent chance it will rain.
Alright, can you tell me the weather for 1st of March 2019.
It will be 92 degrees Fahrenheight on average during the day, and there's a 23 percent chance it will rain.
Okay, that's all I need. Bye!
Take Care.
Can you check the weather in Montara?
The average temperature for today is 89 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 8 percent chance of rain.
Thank you. That's all I needed.
Have a nice day.
Please check the weather.
What city do you need?
Please check in Clayton.
The temperature is forecasted to be 70 degrees with a 1 percent chance of rain.
What about Forestville on March 12th.
The temperature should be 75 degrees with a 14 percent chance of rain.
How windy is it suppose to be?
The wind should be around 10 mph.
What is the humidity going to be?
The humidity is expected to be around 36 percent.
Yes, that is ok.
Anything else today?
No, that is all.
Have a nice day.
I wonder if it's gonna rain. Can you check the weather?
In which city?
In San Pablo.
The average temperature should be 73 degrees Fahrenheit with a 2 percent chance of rain.
Sure, good to know.
Can I help you in anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks.
That's great. Have a good day.
I want to do weather check at San Anselmo
The average day temperature need be 89 degrees Fahrenheit.There it is 28 percent chance of rain
How much windy and humid it might be there
The humidity level there is 23 percent with average wind speed around 3 miles per hour
ok, that is all. Bye then
Cheers for now
Give me the weather update for the 1st of March 2019 please.
Sure, for which city?
Please check the city of Stanford.
Sure thing. On March 1st 2019 the weather is estimated to be 73 degrees Fahrenheit. Please keep in mind there will be a 29 percent chance of rain.
Find the humidity expectation for that day please.
Sure, humidity is expected to be around 47 percent.
ok, thanks for that information.
your welcome. Will there be anything else?
Nope, that's it.
OK, Have a good one.
I'm trying to decide what to do today. Can you tell me what the weather is suppose to be like?
I can help you with that. What location would you like me to check the forecast in?
Can you tell me the forecast for Pinole on March 1st 2019?
I can see that the average temperature for the day you specified should be 91 degrees Fahrenheit with an 18 percent chance of rain.
Great, thanks for all your help. Goodbye.
Goodbye.
I want to check the weather for the 12th of March 2019.
Which city?
In El Cerrito, please.
The average temperature for the day should be 88 degrees Fahrenheit, with an 18 percent chance of rain.
What's the humidity, and how windy will it be?
The humidity should be around 25 percent, with an average wind speed of 1 mile per hour.
Okay.
Is there anything else you want?
No, that's all, thanks.
Goodbye.
Could you check the weather in Alamo?
The average temperature today should be 81 degrees. There's also a 12 percent chance of rain.
How about Novato on the 12th of March 2019
The average temperature should be 77 degrees and there's a 6 percent chance of rain.
What about March 2nd 2019?
Average temperature should be 71 degrees with a 1 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy?
Wind speed should be about 3 miles per hour.
Okay, thank you.
Is there anything else you need?
No thanks, that'll do it.
Have a great day.
Please check the weather in Discovery Bay
77 degrees Fahrenheit is the average temperature and a 9 percent chance of rain
What about on March 12th
70 degrees Fahrenheit is the average temperature and there is 23 percent chance of rain
What about on 10th of March 2019
85 degrees Fahrenheit is the average temperature for the day and 15 percent chance of rain
OK perfect. That's all for now. Bye
Cheers
I require to do weather check in San Jose on March 10th 2019
The average day temperature have to be 74 degrees Fahrenheit and there is 18 percent chance of rain
sure that is ok
you need anything more?
No, thank you
Cheers for now
What is the weather like in Bodega Bay.
The average temperature at daytime is 80 degrees and there is only a 28 percent chance of rain.
What about the humidity level?
Humidity is around 44 percent.
Okay great. That's all for now.
Thanks.
What's the weather forecast for March 9th 2019 in Seattle?
The average temperature for the day will be 64 degrees. There's a 14 percent chance of rain.
How humid will it be?
The humidity is forecast at 13 percent.
Will it be windy?
The average wind speed will be around 5 miles per hour.
Okay. Thanks. Bye!
Have a good day.
Please tell me the weather forecast for March 4th.
Can you name the city you wish to know the forecast for?
I want to know the forecast for Toronto.
On March 4th, the temperature should be 70 degrees Fahrenheit with a 38 percent chance of rain.
I better make sure to dress cool for that day. Thanks for the information. That will be all for now.
You are quite welcome. Have a nice day.
I have to do weather check in Moraga.
The average day temperature is running at 70 degrees Fahrenheit and the chances of rain is 23 percent.
What is your opinion on March 7th 2019
The average day temperature is running at 73 degrees Fahrenheit and the chances of rain is 12 percent.
That is perfect. Bye
Be happy always.
I need to see the weather in Windsor
The average temperature will be 86 degrees Fahrenheit with a 21 percent chance of rain
OK, what about the weather in Las Vegas
It will be 84 degrees Fahrenheit and will have an 18 percent chance of rain
Ok, that's good, bye for now
Ok, have a good day
Can you get me a weather report for Yountville California?
Sure, the average temperature will be 75 degrees. There's only a 7 % chance of rain.
What's happening in Morgan Hill, March 4th?
The average temperature there is 72 Degrees F. There is a 29 % chance of rain.
Great, now I know.
Cool, (I think).
What is the weather going to be like on the 10th of March 2019?
What city should I check?
Please look at Lafayette.
There's a 14 percent chance of rain and the temperature will average 75 degrees.
Cool. What about March 6th?
The temperature will be 86 degrees on average and there's only a 1 percent chance of rain.
Alright. Can you check in Bolinas?
There's a 22 percent chance of rain and the temperature will average about 92 degrees.
Cool. Thanks! That'll be it.
Have a good day!
I want to do weather check in San Mateo.
There the average temperature for the day is at 80 degrees Fahrenheit and there is also 13 percent chance of rain.
What is your opinion on Larkspur on March 3rd.
There the average temperature for the day is at 85 degrees Fahrenheit and there is also 23 percent chance of rain.
That is cool.
Any other information you want me to look in?
No, thank you very much.
so be happy
I have a plan to make a trip but if weather is good i wish to travel. So will you find and check the weather on March 6th?
In which city do you wish to check the weather ?
In Petaluma city.
The average temperature for the day is 91 degrees fahrenheit and there is a 10 percent chance of rain.
Okay, Tell me how about the temperature in Union City?
In union city the average temperature for the day should be 71 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 19 percent chance of rain.
Okay, How about the temperature is on March 9th?
The average temperature for the day will be 79 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 1 percent chance of rain.
Ok thats great.
whether i need to find any other thing?
No. thanks a lot!
take care have a great day
Can you tell me the weather in KL?
The average temperature should be 102 Fahrenheit with an 8 percent chance of rain.
How about Clayton on March 14th?
The average temperature should be 72 degrees Fahrenheit with a 6 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be?
10 miles per hour on average.
Sure, okay.
Is there anything else?
No, thank you very much!
You're welcome!
I would like to check the weather for the 5th of March 2019.
In which city should I check?
Please check in Tomales on the 11th of March 2019.
The average temperature for the day is 89 degrees and there is a 23 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy? How humid will it be?
The humidity is low at 25 percent as is the wind at around 2 miles per hour.
Thank you.
Is there anything else that you need?
No thank you.
Cheers, have a nice day.
I want to plan something outdoors, so I want to check the weather for March 4th.
Can you tell me the city where you would like to check the weather forecast?
I am planning to go in Tomales, so that's the location for which I want to know the weather forecast.
I can see that the average temperature in Tomales for the day will be 85 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 28 percent chance that there will be rain.
Alright, can you also look into Toronto, Ontario for March 13th 2019?
I can see that the temperature in Toronto, Ontario for the day will be 62 degrees Fahrenheit, also there is a 1 percent chance that it will be raining.
Fine, that's good. That's all I needed. Later then!
It was a pleasure!
Check the weather in Olema, California for me.
The average temperature for the day in Olema is 91 degrees Farenheit. Today, there is a 21 percent chance of rain.
Alright, yea. How about on the 3rd of March 2019?
On the 3rd of March 2019 in Olema, California, the temperature is expected to average around 87 degrees Fahrenheit, and there will be a 23 percent chance of rain.
How about in Marshall on March 1st 2019?
In Marshall on that date the average temperature is expected to be around 86 degrees Fahrenheit, and there will be a 5 percent chance of rain.
Alright, cool. Thanks a bunch.
You're welcome, will that be all?
Yea that's it for now.
Okay, enjoy your day.
I need some quiet, outdoor harmony to balance out a wild day of back-to-back meetings. What kind of weather do you show for March 10th 2019, please?
Ready to assist you. Tell me the city you want to check and I can let you know.
Yes, take a look at Tiburon.
Okay. It is reported that the average day's high is expected to be 85 degrees Fahrenheit with a 15 percent possibility that it will rain.
Well, now, and what's the weatherman saying for the 5th of March 2019?
It is reported that the average high fo that day is expected to be 94 degrees Fahrenheit with a 20 percent possibility that it will rain.
I see. Take a look at Calistoga for me, please.
The report for that city is showing an average high of 73 degrees Fahrenheit for the day with a 12 percent possibility that rain will come.
Okay, well done.
Would you like any more assistance at this time?
You've provided all the info I need for now. Many thanks.
That's all for now. Enjoy the rest of your day.
I'd like to check the weather report in Rutherford.
Today's average temperature in Rutherford will be 86 degrees Fahrenheit with a 28 percent chance to rain.
How windy will it be?
The average wind speed will be around 10 miles per hour.
Alright, thanks! That will be all for today.
Thank you, have a great day!
Can you tell me what the weather will be like in San Bruno on the 8th of March 2019?
The average temperature should be 91 degrees Fahrenheit with a 10 percent chance of rain.
Okay, how about in Fresno, CA on March 3rd 2019?
The average temperature should be 77 degrees Fahrenheit with a 18 percent chance of rain.
Okay, that's all I need. Bye for now.
Have a good day!
Can you tell me if it is going to rain?
What city would like to check?
LAX please.
It will be a nice 76 degrees Fahrenheit with a 28 percent chance of rain.
What about on March 2nd.
It will be 93 degrees Fahrenheit with a 29 percent chance of rain.
Ok thanks
IS there anything else I can do for you.
No that will be all.
Have an enjoyable day ahead.
I want to check the weather in Palo Alto.
The average temperature should be 79 degrees Fahrenheit for the day and chance of rain is 4 percent.
How windy and humid is it expected to be?
The wind average speed should be 4 miles per hour and humidity is around 19 percent.
Sure. It is okay.
Do you like anything else?
No, thanks for your help.
Best wishes.good bye
What is the expected weather in Inverness on March 10th?
The temperature is expected to be 90 degree Fahrenheit with a 3 percent chance of rain.
What about in Union City?
The average temperature is 86 degrees Fahrenheit with a 9 percent chance of rain.
What are the humidity and wind suppose to be like?
The humidity is expected to be around 23 percent, wind 6 mph.
Sure, that will be great.
Anything else today?
No, that will be all.
Have a wonderful day.
What is the weather forecast on March 4th in Alamo?
There is a 24 percent chance of showers with an average temperature of 94.
What is the forecast the 1st of March 2019?
A 12 percent chance of showers with an average temperature of 81.
What is the forecsst in Hayward?
A 9 percent chance of showers with an average temperature of 80.
Thank you. That's all I need.
Have a lovely day.
What's the weather in Napa?
The daily average should be 85 degrees with a 24 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy?
Predicted wind speed of 6 miles per hour.
Oh okay.
Anything else I can do?
No, thanks.
Cheers.
I want to know what the weather will be like on March 2nd.
Sure. What city's weather do you need to know?
I want the weather of Nairobi.
The temperature of Nairobi has an average of 86 degrees for March 2nd.There's also a slight 6 percent chance that it will rain.
Not bad. Now, can you tell me the temperature of Valley Ford for the 12th of March 2019?
Valley Ford's average temperature for March 12th is 92 degrees. The percentage of precipitation is 11.
What's the wind going to be like? And what about the humidity?
The wind has an average of just 1 mile per hour, and the humidity is expected to be about 34 percent.
That seems fine.
Do you need help with anything else?
That's all. Thanks!
Have a nice day.
Hi I'm having guests over to BBQ. Can you check the weather in Discovery Bay?
The temperature today will be around 77 degrees Fahrenheit with a 9 percent chance of rain.
Thanks, and what about 9th of March 2019?
The temperature for your requested day will be around 89 degrees Fahrenheit with an 11 percent chance of rain.
Great, thanks.
Is there anything else you need?
No, that's all.
Have a nice day.
11th of this month in london, england
71 degrees 15 percent chance
how humid though?
11 miles 41 percent
I would like to check the weather on 8th of March.
What city should I check in?
Check Sydney, Australia.
The temperature on average for the day would be about 99 degrees Fahrenheit with a 7 percent chance of rain.
How humid will it be?
The humidity would be around 21 percent.
I would like to check the weather for the day after tomorrow in Paris, France.
The temperature for the day should be 93 degrees Fahrenheit with a 6 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be?
The average wind speed will be 4 miles per hour.
I'd like to check the weather on the 3rd of March.
Where would you like to check?
I'd like to find the weather on the 14th of this month in Los Angeles.
The average temperature will be 86 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 17 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy will it be?
The average wind speed will be about 4 miles per hour and the humidity will be around 29 percent.
That will work.
Is there anything else I can help with?
I must verify the weather on March 2nd in SFO
The mean temperature on that date ought to be 72 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 15 percent likelihood of rain.
What is the weather in London, England?
The average for today is 81 degrees with a 23 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy will it be?
The average wind speed is estimated at 10 miles per hour with humidity at 35 percent.
Hello. I want to see what the weather is like on the 11th of this month.
At what location?
In KL.
The temperature there is going to be about 99 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 2 percent chance of rain.
I must verify the weather on 4th of March in Portland.
The mean temperature for the date ought to be 68 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 18 percent probability of raining.
What is the humidity level?
The humidity will be near 32 percent.
How strong will the winds be?
The wind ought to be 12 miles per hour.
What is the weather like today in Nairobi Kenya?
The temperature for the day is 105 degrees and there is 0 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity level and how windy is it supposed to be?
The humidity is around 15 percent and the wind is 7 miles per hour.
What is the weather like on the 13th of March?
In which city should I look.
The weather in New York.
The temperature should be around 59 degrees and there is a 33 percent chance of rain.
Hi, can you check the weather for me?
Sure what city do you want to know the weather for?
I want the weather in Vancouver.
In Vancouver it will be around 75 degrees Fahrenheit today with a 15 percent chance of rain.
I'd like to check the weather.
Where would you like to check the weather for?
I'd like to know the weather in Toronto, Canada.
The average temperature will be 58 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 13 percent chance of rain.
I want to know how the weather will be in Philadelphia for March 12th?
For your requested location the average temperature should be 83 degrees Fahrenheit, and the chance of rain at 25 percent.
Can you tell me how windy is it going to be there, and what humidity should I expect to find there?
The average wind speed for that location is expected to be 4 miles per hour, and the humidity at around 27 percent.
Can you check the weather on March 9th in NYC?
The temperature should be around 70 degrees and there is 38 percent chance of rain.
Tell me the weather next Wednesday in San Francisco.
It will be 72 degrees with a 3 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity going to be?
It will be near 16 percent.
Can you tell me what the weather will be like in San Diego on the 13th of March.
The average high is 75 on that day and you'll have a 19 % chance of rain.
I must verify the weather on March 5th.
What metropolis would you like to verify the weather in?
The metropolis is Phoenix
The mean temperature for the date ought to be 73 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 12 percent chance of raining.
What is the humidity and wind level?
The wind level ought to be 5 miles per hour, while humidity ought to be around 31 percent.
Hey, what'll the weather be like in Delhi on the 2nd of this month?
It'll be around 95 degrees Fahrenheit with a 0 percent chance of rain.
Thanks a lot. How windy and humid will it be?
The average wind speed will be 5 miles per hour, the humidity will sit at around 15 percent.
I want the weather in Paris.
It is 77 with a 26 percent chance of rain.
Forecast for Vancouver, BC.
The average temperature will be 75 and the chance of rain will be 15 percent.
Humidity and wind?
Average wind speed of 8 miles per hour and humidity of 19 percent.
What's the weather for the 7th of this month in Cotati?
The forecast is for an average temperature of 89 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
What about the humidity and wind?
Humidity is expected to be 15 percent, with 8 mile per hour winds.
How about the weather in Seattle, WA?
The forecast is for a temperature of 69 degrees Fahrenheit with a 16 percent chance of rain.
Check for me please the weather.
In what city do you want to check the weather?
Toronto, Canada will be great.
For the day the average temperature should be 58 dergrees Faherenheit and 13 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell me what the weather forecast is for Paris next Thursday?
It is expected to be 87 degrees Fahrenheit with a 12 percent chance of rain.
Check the weather for me please.
In what city you want?
In Portland will be okay.
For the day the average temperature should be 75 degrees Fahrenheit and 9 percent chance of rain.
Tell me the weather in Chi-town on March 12th.
The daytime average temperature is 61 degrees with a 26 percent chance of precipitation.
los altos march 11th
73 degrees 28 percent rain
delhi sounds good
103 degrees 7 percent
how windy then?
10 miles per hour 19 percent
Check the forecast on the 3rd of March in San Lorenzo.
Average of 78 degrees with a 23 percent chance of rain.
Humidity and wind?
Average windspeed of 9 mph and humidity of 43 percent.
Check it in Mexico City.
Average of 102 degrees and 7 percent chance of rain.
I want to check on the weather for the 13th of this month.
What city do you want to check the forecast for?
Check it for Paris, France.
The average temperature is forecasted to be 88 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 23 percent chance of rain.
I must verify the weather on the 11th.
What metropolis do you wish to verify the weather for?
The metropolis is Vancouver, BC.
The mean temperature for the date ought to be 66 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 22 percent likelihood of raining.
Hi, could you help me check the weather in Portland, OR please?
Sure, the temperature is 75 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 9 percent chance of rain.
I see, thank you!
Could I further assist you?
I need the weather in Paris on the 7th of March.
Sure, the high is going to be 87 and there's only a 12 % chance of rain.
I need to see what the weather is like in Paris.
Paris will have temperatures averaging 77 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 26 percent chance of rain.
I need to know the expected weather in Seattle, WA on the 2nd of this month.
The average temperature is 70 degrees with a 23 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity going to be?
13 percent!
Could you check the weather forecast for me for the day after tomorrow?
Which city will I check?
For Chicago please.
There is a 36 % of rain and the ave temp will be 67 degrees Fahrenheit.
Give me a weather report for Seattle, WA today.
The high temp is going to be about 74 degrees and there is about a 32 % chance of rain.
Great, thank you.
I can help with something else if you want?
I want to know how the weather will be in San Diego on March 6th.
For the location you asked for, the average temperature should be 80 degrees Fahrenheit. The chance of raining is at 6 percent.
Can you tell me how windy is it going to be there, and at what percentage will the humidity be?
The average speed of wind there will be 1 miles per hour, and the humidity is expected at around 23 percent.
What's the weather like on the 12th of this month?
In what city?
In Portland, OR.
The temperature there on that day should average 72 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 16 percent chance of rain.
What's the weather going to be like on the 11th of March?
What city do you want me to check in?
Check in Vancouver.
The day's average temperature will be 66 degrees Fahrenheit. The chance of rain is 22 percent.
I would like to find out the weather on the 11th of this month.
What city should I check?
Find out what the weather will be like on the 14th of this month in Las Vegas.
On that day the temperature should be around 71 degrees fahrenheit with a 15 percent chance of rain.
How humid and windy will it be?
Wind speed should be 6 miles per hour with humidity around 39 percent.
Hi, could you help me check the weather in phoenix, AZ please?
Sure, it will be 89 degrees fahrenheit with a 15 percent chance of rain.
What's the weather going to be on the 3rd?
What city do you want me to look in?
Look in SD.
The predicted temperature is 82 degrees F with a 7 % chance of rain.
And how humid will it be?
Humidity is estimated at 28 %.
And what about wind?
The average wind speed will be 11 mph.
What is the weather like?
What city am I checking the forecast in?
Seattle, please.
There is a 32 percent chance of precipitation and an average daily temperature of 74.
What is the humidity index?
Today the humidity is about 25 percent.
Can you check the weather for me?
Which city would you like me to check?
The Phoenix weather.
The average temp is 89 degrees and there is a 15 percent chance of rain.
How humid will it be?
Around 23 percent humidity.
How windy will it be?
The average wind is around 11 mph.
Hi! Can you tell me what the weather forecast is for Duncans Mills on the 11th?
I'd be happy to. The forecast predicts an average temperature of 91 degrees Fahrenheit with a 4 percent chance of rain.
Is it going to be windy?
Wind speeds should average 7 miles per hour.
Is it supposed to be humid?
Humidity is hovering around 19 percent.
What does it look like for Toronto, Canada on the 13th of March?
It should be 62 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
Can you find me the weather for the 1st of this month?
For what city?
For CDMX.
The temperature should be around 102 degrees Fahrenheit with a 0 percent chance of rain.
I would like to know how the weather is in Nairobi, Kenya.
For your requested location the average temperature should be at an average of 105 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 0 percent chance of raining.
I would like to check the weather in SD.
The temperature for the day will be 90 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 1 percent chance of rain.
Can you check the weather on next Friday for me?
Sure, but first i'll need to know the location.
Look it up for Atlanta.
There is expected to be a 12 percent chance of rain and the average temperature for the day is expected to be around 79 degrees Fahrenheit.
What is the weather forecast in Atherton on 13th of March?
The forecast average temperature for the day will be 80 degrees Fahrenheit, with an 11 percent chance of rain.
Can you check the weather in Bodega Bay on Wednesday next week?
The average temp that day is 82 degrees with a 19 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be?
Wind is estimated at 5 miles per hour.
Okay, what about on the 9th of March?
The average temp that day is 74 degrees with a 14 percent chance of rain.
check next friday
what city then?
it is millbrae
92 degrees 0 percent
I'd like to know the Newark forecast on the 10th please.
The temperature will average 92 degrees Fahrenheit with a 16 percent rain possibility that day.
Hi, could you help me check the weather in Foster City please.
It is currently 80 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 22 percent chance of rain.
What is the expected humidity and windiness there?
The humidity is around 38 percent and the wind speed is 8 miles per hour.
I need to check the weather on the 12th of March.
in which city would you like to see weather for?
The city of Novato on the 6th of this month.
The average temperature for that day is predicted to be around 71 degrees Fahrenheit. There is also a 20 percent chance of rain.
Can you check the weather for me?
In what city
Check Gilroy on the 3rd of March.
The temperature is expected to average 86 degrees with a 7 percent chance of rain.
I would like to know the weather in Tiburon on 9th of March.
82 degrees Farenheit is the average temperature for the day. The chance of rain is 27 percent.
Sure. How about the weather in San Rafael?
90 degrees Farenheit is the average temperature for the day. The chance of rain is 9 percent.
How windy and humid is it gonna be?
25 percent is the humidity and it should be 10 miles per hour for the wind speed.
What is the weather in East Palo Alto?
The temperature should be around 92 degrees Fahrenheit with a 19 percent chance of rain.
What's the weather going to be like in Pescadero on the 1st of March?
The forecast average temperature is 86 degrees Fahrenheit with a 0 percent chance of rain.
I want to check the weather for Tuesday next week.
What location do you want to check the weather?
I want to know the weather in Montara.
The average temperature in Montara should be 87 degrees Fahrenheit with a 2 percent chance of rain.
What is the wind and humidity going to be like?
The wind should be around 3 miles per hour and the humidity around 16 percent.
Okay, thanks.
Is there anything else you need?
Hi there, may I know how is the weather like at ATL?
The weather is 86 degress Fahrenheit with a 28 percent chance of rain!
I want to find weather on the 4th of this month.
What city do you want to check in?
Check Glen Ellen.
The temperature for the day should be 90 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 15 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be?
The wind speed on average will be 11 miles per hour.
I want to know how the weather will be in Duncans Mills for next Thursday.
The average temperature for your requested location should be 87 degrees Fahrenheit, and with a chance of raining of 13 percent.
Whats the weather supposed to be on the 12th?
Which city are we checking the weather for ?
Check in Calistoga.
Alright, I show should be 80 degrees with 0 percent chance of rain.
Great, find out how windy it will be.
The average wind factor is 9 miles per hour.
I want to find out what the weather is.
What city are you interested in finding out the weather for?
I want to find it for San Leandro.
The average temperature for the day should be 83 degrees Fahrenheit. There is also a 1 percent chance of rain.
I'll be spending the day in Cupertino. Can you check what the weather is like there?
Sure, it looks like it's an average of 92 degrees Fahrenheit with a 13 percent chance of rain today.
How windy will it be?
It looks like there will be an average wind of 2 miles per hour.
Could you check the weather forecast for me in Washington DC.
There is a 13 % chance of rain and the ave temp will be 75 degrees Fahrenheit.
Check for me the weather on 5th of this month in Santa Rosa.
For the day the average temperature should be 80 degrees Fahrenheit and 20 percent chance of rain.
Humidity how will it be?
Will be around 41 percent.
Tell me how windy will be.
6 miles per hour will be the average wind speed.
Hey, what's the weather like in Nairobi?
It's around 105 degrees with a 0 percent chance of rain.
Hello, Please can you check the weather forecast for 7th of this month?
Please may I know in which city you wish to look for?
I wish to look in Nairobi, Kenya.
Okay! as per the forecast, there is a chance of 8 percent rain and the average temperature will be around 86 degrees Fahrenheit.
Thanks. Will it be humidity and windy?
About 23 % it will be humidity and the average wind speed will be around 7 miles per hour.
Please check the weather on 10th of this month
which city to check?
San Diego please
There is a 1 % chance of rainfall with 87 degrees temperature
ok, and next thursday?
There is a 17 % chance of rainfall with 90 degrees temperature
What will be the wind conditions like and the humidity?
the wind speed is 8 mph and humidity is at 36 %
What is the weather supposed to be like on the 10th?
Weather for where?
I was talking about Vancouver, BC
Okay the temperature is expected to reach 68 degrees with a 25 percent chance of showers.
Do you have any information on the humidity or wind speed?
The wind is expected to be 6 miles an hour average and 26 percent humidity.
What will it be like outside in San Francisco on the 11th?
It will be 72 degrees on average with a 7 percent chance of it raining.
What about humidity and wind?
21 percent humidity is forecast and wind will be around 12 mph.
I wish to find the weather.
In which city shall I search in?
Search in San Diego.
The temperature is 90 degree Fahrenheit and only 1 % chance of rain.
Can you tell me what the weather is expected to be in Paris the 8th of this month.
The temperature should average 78 degrees with a 25 percent chance of rain.
I want to find out what the weather will be on the 12th.
What is the city that you would like to know the weather for?
The city is Pinole.
The average temperature on that day should be 70 degrees Fahrenheit. There will be a 17 percent chance that it will rain.
Okay, what about in Toronto, Ontario on March 10th?
The average temperature on that day should be 73 degrees Fahrenheit and there will be a 26 percent chance of rain.
Okay, thanks for that.
Is there anything else that you would like?
I want to check the weather in Long Beach, CA on the 2nd.
The average temperature should be around 77 degrees Fahrenheit with a 15 percent chance of rain.
I'm hoping the weather is ok on the 4th. Can you check the whether in Anaheim on that day?
The temperate for that day should be about 89 degrees Fahrenheit with a 20 percent chance of rain.
Awesome, that's fine.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
What's the weather suppose to be for the day after tomorrow in Paris, France?
I show the average temperature as 93 degrees with a 6 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell me what the weather is expected to be like on the 11th of March?
Where would you like me to check the weather?
Please check the expected weather in New Delhi.
The weather report is estimating the average temperature will be 103 degrees Fahrenheit with a 7 percent chance of rain.
That will be hot. What is the humidity and wind factor expected to be like?
The humidity is around 19 percent and the wind speed is estimated at 10 miles an hour.
Find out what the weather is like in SFO on March 12th.
The weather reads an average temperature of 76 Fahrenheit for the day with a 23 percentage possibility of raining.
What is the humidity like and what is the wind like?
It is about 35 percent humid and wind speed on an average is about 6 miles an hour.
What will the weather in Anaheim, CA be on the 1st of this month?
The average temperature will be 78 degrees Fahrenheit with a 29 percent chance of rain.
I need to see the weather on Friday next week in CDMX
The average temperature there is 102 degrees with a 6 percent chance of rain
I want to know the weather on the 10th in Long Beach, CA
The temperature will be 75 degree Fahrenheit and 20 % chance of rain.
What about the windy?
The windy speed shall be 11 miles per hour.
I need to check the weather in Delhi, India next Monday
The temperature is gonna be 97 degrees with an 8 percent of rain
Assistance, can you tell me the forecast for Seattle, WA?
There is a moderate chance of rain at 32 percent. The temperature will be around 74 degrees Fahrenheit.
I'm hoping the weather is ok for Friday next week. Can you check for me?
What city should I check the weather in?
Please check in San Rafael.
The forecast for that day should be around 74 degrees Fahrenheit with a 8 percent chance of rain.
Please check the 3rd of March in Philly.
The forecast for that day should be around 85 degrees Fahrenheit with a 21 percent chance of rain.
I must verify the weather for next Wednesday.
What metropolis do you wish to verify the weather for?
The metropolis is SD.
The mean temperature for that date ought to be 80 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 6 percent likelihood for rain.
What is the humidity level and wind level?
The humidity level is close to 23 percent, while the wind level is 1 mile per hour.
What's my intention for wanting to go to San Diego on the 5th of March during my vacation? No particular reason other than just relax. Would you tell me what weather I'll encounter there?
Happy to help. You can expect the day to average about 84 degrees Fahrenheit and a forecast of just 8 percent rain.
I see. What are the wind and humidity going to be like?
The wind is expected to average 4 miles an hour with humidity about 21 percent.
I will be visiting my sister soonest, can you please check the weather for me?
On which city do you want me to check the weather?
Check it in Washington D.C.
Okay, the temperature on that would be 75 degrees Farenheit. And do not forget to bring an umbrella even there's just 13 percent chance of rain.
i have a plan to travel . find the weather condition on march 10th in anaheim.
the average temperature for the day should be 76 degrees fahrenheit. there is a 9 percent chance of rain.
Whats the weather like?
Well, it depends where.
In SD on March 9th.
It should be around 83 degrees with probably no rain, or just a 25 percent chance of it.
What about wind and humidity?
Humidity should be around 40 percent and you don't really have to worry about your hat since wind will likely clock in at 7 mph.
I need to check weather on the 5th of March.
Which city would you like to check in?
I need to check in San Francisco.
The average temperature is expected to be 87 degrees Fahrenheit. There is expected to be a 23 percent chance of rain.
How windy is it expected to be?
The average wind speed is expected to be roughly 1 mile per hour.
Hey, how's the weather in SF?
It's around 91 degrees with a 29 percent chance of rain.
What is the weather going to be like on the 13th of this month?
Which city would you like to check.
I need to know the weather in NY.
The average temperature for the day should be 59 degrees. There is a 33 percent chance of rain.
Hey! Please can you check the weather forecast for Long Beach on 8th of March?
Sure. Its found that there can be 10 percent chance of rain with an average temperature of about 80 degrees Fahrenheit.
I want to check weather on march 9th in Sacramento.
The average day temperature is running at 92 degrees Fahrenheit and the chances of rain is 23 percent
Fine, what about the weather on the 5th.
The average day temperature is running at 93 degrees Fahrenheit and the chances of rain is 2 percent
Is there windy? What about the humidity?
The wind speed is 12 miles per hour and humidity is 17 percent.
What is the weather forecast in New York on the 14th of this month?
The forecast is predicting an average temperature of 60 degrees Fahrenheit with a 6 % chance of rain.
Can you look up the weather in Washington D.C. for March 7th?
It will be 81 degrees with a 20 percent chance of rain.
Will it be humid?
It will be about 27 percent humidity
Will it be windy?
Wind speed will be about 2 miles per hour.
I want to see what the weather will be like on the 1st of this month in Fresno.
The temperature should average 72 degrees for the day and there is only a 2 percent chance of it raining.
How will the wind and humidity be on this day?
The humidity will be around 18 percent and the winds should average around 10 miles per hour.
What kind of weather can I expect on the 11th of this month?
Where did you have in mind?
I was thinking about Atlanta.
There is 0 chance of showers with the day's average being 87 Fahrenheit.
Oh well, what about next Friday?
The average for that day is expected to be 79 and a 12 percent chance of rain showers.
Hi I have plans today so I'm hoping the weather is ok. Can you check for me?
Which city should I check the weather in?
Please check in Chicago.
The forecast today should be about 73 degrees Fahrenheit with a 29 percent chance of rain.
Can you also check for the 7th of this month?
The forecast for that day should be around 74 degrees Fahrenheit with a 23 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity supposed to be? Will it be windy?
The humidity prediction for that day is around 30 percent. The wind speed should also be about 14 miles per hour.
I want to know the weather in Sydney on next Monday. My mother will go there.
There's a 7 % chance of rain that day and the average temperature is at 96 degrees.
Thanks, how about March 6th in San Fran. I will go there on that day.
Low chance of rain at 3 % and the average temperature is at 72 degrees.
Is it that windy or how humid it is? I want to know so that I could plan my itinerary.
Humidity is at 16 % and the wind speed is at 12 miles per hour.
Hello! Please can you tell me how the weather will be for tomorrow?
Please can I've the zip code or city in which you are looking for?
I'm looking for New York.
Okay! I can see that there is 29 % chance of rain and the average temperature will be around 57 degrees Fahrenheit.
Is it gonna be windy or humidity?
About 26 % its gonna to be humidity and the wind speed will be 6 miles per hour on an average.
I would like to check the weather please.
What city are we weather checking?
Long Beach, CA please.
The average temp is 80 degrees with a 17 percent chance of rain.
What about for March 12th?
I am showing the average temp to be 90 degrees with a 26 percent chance of rain.
Thanks for that information.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
check weather march 3rd fresno
77 degrees 18 percent rain
how humid though?
31 percent rain 8 miles per hour
check weather on the 12th
what city then?
next monday chicago
65 degrees 35 percent rain
I am going to SD soon. Can you check the weather in there?
The temperature should be around 90 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
Check to weather for the 3rd of this month.
For what city?
Duncans Mills
It will be 93 degrees with a 20 percent chance of rain.
How about on the 5th of this month?
It will be about 90 degrees with a 1 percent chance of rain.
How about in Mexico city?
It will be 87 degrees with a 3 percent chance of rain.
I have a couple trips coming up. Can you check what the weather will be like at Muir Beach on the 10th of this month?
Sure, looks like the average temperature will be 92 degrees Fahrenheit with a 22 percent change of rain.
Ok, great. Can you also check the weather in Ciudad de Mexico on the 6th of March?
Sure, it'll be an average of 95 degrees Fahrenheit with a 4 percent chance of rain.
I want to check the weather.
What city are you checking the weather for?
I want to find the weather in Sydney, NSW.
The temperature should be 94 degrees Fahrenheit and a 4 percent chance of rain.
What's the wind going to be like?
The wind speed will be 2 miles per hour.
What would the weather be like on the 12th of this month?
In which city?
In atlanta, GA.
It would be 78 degrees fahrenheit with a 19 percent chance of rain.
How windy would it be?
The average wind speed is expected to be 9 miles per hour.
I will be visiting my sister on Morgan Hill on the 12th, can you please check the weather for me?
Sure, there's a 10 % chance of rain on that day and the average temperature is at 87 degrees.
That's not so cold, how about in Nairobi, Kenya?
There's a 9 percent chance of rain and the average temperature is 103 degrees.
I will be going to Philadelphia and would like to know the weather on March 10th.
The temperature should be around 91 degrees Fahrenheit and around 4 percent chance of rain.
How will the humidity be?
It will be around 17 percent.
Hello, Please can you check the weather forecast for SF on March 11th?
Sure. It's found that there can 7 % chance of rain and the average temperature will be around 72 degrees Fahrenheit.
Can you tell me what the weather will be like in Los Angeles on the 12th?
The average temperature will be 77 degrees Fahrenheit with a 27 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy?
The wind speed will be 9 miles per hour.
I am very interested in knowing about the weather in Vegas.
You will have temperature averaging 84 degrees Fahrenheit and there is an 18 percent possibility of raining.
What's the weather going to be like this Saturday in Chi-town?
The average temperature on that day is expected to be 61 degrees Fahrenheit with a 33 percent chance of rain.
Okay, how windy is it supposed to be?
Average wind speed for that day is expected to be around 6 MPH.
I have a day off and was thinking about going on a day trip. Can you check what the weather is like in Toronto, Ontario?
Sure, it looks like it'll be an average of 58 degrees Fahrenheit with a 13 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy?
Not too bad, looks like an average of 9 miles per hour.
I must verify the weather in Los Angeles.
The mean temperature for the date ought to be 76 degrees fahrenheit. There's a 28 percent likelihood of raining.
Can you check the weather on the 3rd of March
What city do you want to check?
Let's look in Fresno
It'll be 77 degrees with an 18 percent chance of rain
Can you help me check the weather on the 14th in Sydney, NSW
The average temperature is 100 Degrees and a 2 percent chance of rain
How humid is it gonna be?
It's around 16 percent humidity
How windy is it gonna be?
The average wind speed will be around 8 miles per hour
Can you show me my alarms?
There are currently 2 set. The first is called Wake up and its set at 6 am.
Great, can you add an alarm called Music Practice for half past 4 in the evening?
Sure thing. You'd like me to create an alarm to go off at 4:30 pm titled music practice?
Yes, that's right.
It's been added.
Thank you!
No problem, need anything else?
Nope, I appreciate it.
My pleasure, enjoy your day.
Will you show me my alarms timings? ,i need to sleep according to that
There is an alarm for 6 am with name Wake Up.
Okay, thats good. I need to add an alarm. Name the alarm as Music PRactice and it should be for 16:45.
Please review the details so that i will confirm. Creating an alarm at 4:45 pm with name Music Practice.
ok thats great. fix it.
Alarm created successfully.
Thanks a lot for your help
Whether anything else i need to do?
No, thanks. not now.
Have a great day
My schedule is getting really busy and I need to set some new alarms. Can you see what alarms I have currently?
Sure, you just have one alarm set at 8 am for Wake up.
Ok, that's good.
Did you want me to add an alarm?
Yes, can you do that for me?
Sure, for what time?
Make it for 4:30 pm.
Ok, I'm creating an alarm at 4:30 pm with the name New alarm. Is that right?
No, can you call it Cooking and change the time to 16:45 actually?
Sure. To confirm, you'd like to set an alarm for Cooking at 4:45 pm. Is that right?
Yes, that's right.
Hm, sorry, I couldn't set that alarm for some reason. Is there something else I could help you with?
No, nevermind. Thanks anyways.
No problem, thanks.
What alarms do I have set?
There is a Wake up alarm for 7 am.
Ok.
Would you like to add an alarm?
Yes. I want to add an alarm for 5 o"clock in the evening.
Please confirm: add a alarm named New alarm for 5 pm.
That is correct.
The alarm has been successfully added.
Thanks, that is all I needed.
Your welcome.
I'd like to see my alarms.
I found an alarm titled Wake Up and is set for 8 am.
Can you see if there are other alarms?
There is an alarm that has a name of Pick up kids and it has a time of 3 pm.
Good, got it. Let me do another alarm.
What is the time you want for your new alarm?
Set it for half past 3 in the afternoon and give it a name of Music Practice.
Making an alarm entry for 3:30 pm and giving it a name of Music Practice. Would you make sure this is correct?
Yep, it's correct.
I apologize as I wasn't able to create the new alarm. Would you like for me to do anything else?
Would you try again? Make one for 15:15 and name it Leave for home.
An alarm creation with a name of Leave for home has been made for 3:15 pm. Is that correct?
Yes, that's right.
The alarm has been added without any problems.
That's it, and thanks!
Thanks!
I want to know about all the alarms that I have set already. Can you show it to me?
Yes, you have an alarm for 9 am in the name of Wake up.
Is that only the one I have? Show me if anything else.
You have an another alarm in the name of Pick up kids at 3 pm.
That is okay. thanks.
Tell me that you want to add any new alarm now. I am ready to do it for you.
Of-course, I want to add an new alarm.
At what time you need to set it for?
Please make a new alarm for the time five pm.
I need your final confirmation to set an alarm at 5 pm in the name new alarm.
Confirmed to proceed.
I have created the new alarm successfully as you requested.
Thanks a lot.
How can I assist you further?
No, that's all for now.
Thank you and Welcome.
I want to see my alarms.
Alarm is set at 7 am in the name of Wake up.
Is there any other alarms?
Alarm is set at 8 am in the name of Workout.
Okay, nice. Please include an alarm at 5:15 in the evening.
Kindly ensure that, alarm has been included at 5:15 pm in the name of New alarm.
Okay.
Alarm has been included successfully.
Thank you so much.
Do you need any other help?
Nope. Thanks a lot.
Thank you so much.
Can you show me my alarms, please?
You have an alarm named Wake up for 9 am.
Do I have any more alarms?
You have an alarm named Pick up kids set for 4:30 pm.
Great. I want to add an alarm for evening 5.
I am creating an alarm named New alarm for 5 pm. Is this correct?
Yes it is.
Sorry but I couldn't set the alarm. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you try again? Set it for three in the afternoon.
Confirming that you want me to create a New alarm for 3 pm?
Yes, that is correct.
I have successfully added your alarm.
Thanks a ton. That's all for now.
You're welcome.
I would like you to look for my alarms.
There's one for 6 am and it's called Wake up.
Perfect, I need to add another one for 16:15 and you should call it Phone home.
I can easily do that if you just confirm me the procedure. You want me to add another alarm for 4:15 pm and it must be called Phone home.
That's wrong, it should be called Cleaning and it must be scheduled for 4:30 pm.
Okay, confirm the following please. I'm about to create an alarm at 4:30 pm and name it Cleaning.
That's right.
It's done.
Great! You can turn off now, bye.
Bye Bye.
I'd like to see my alarms.
There's one called wake up for 7:30 am.
That's good. Put a new alarm on called Phone home.
What time should this alarm be?
Make it 3 o"clock in the afternoon.
Could you confirm that you want to create an alarm at 3 pm called Phone home?
Yeah.
I have successfully added the alarm.
Thank you so much.
Could I help with something else?
No, that is all.
Thanks.
I would like to see all of the alarms that I have set currently
At this time, you have 2 alarms that are ongoing. The first is an 8 am alarm called Wake Up
Can you tell me if there are additional ones?
Sure. You have a 10 am alarm that is called Shuttle to Work
Excellent. That sounds good
Would you like to create a new alarm?
Yes please. I want to create an alarm
What is the time for this new alarm?
I would like to create an alarm for four pm
To confirm, you would like a new alarm set for 4 pm.
Sure, that works for me.
Your alarm has been created
Great, Thank you so much!
Do you need assistance with anything more?
Nope, that's it. Thanks again!
Thanks and take care
Let me see my alarms please.
At this time you have 2 alarms that are active. One is set for 6 am and has a title of Wake up.
Fine, that's perfect.
Would you like an additional alarm?
Sure, I'd like to add another one.
What is the best time to set the new alarm?
Go ahead and make the time for 16:15 and name it Grocery Run.
Please verify: A new alarm creation for 4:15 pm and is titled Grocery Run.
Correct.
The alarm creation was successful.
I really appreciate it very much. That's it.
No problem, thanks.
Show me my alarms.
There is an alarm set for 6:30 am with the name Wake Up.
Okay, thank you.
Would you like to add another alarm?
Yes, I would like to add an alarm.
What time should I set the new alarm for?
Let's set it for afternoon 3:30.
You would like to set an alarm for 3:30 pm with the name New alarm, is this accurate?
No, call the new alarm Cleaning, and let's change that to 5:15 in the evening.
You would like to create an alarm for 5:15 pm with the name Cleaning, is that correct?
Call the new alarm Music practice instead.
You would like to create an alarm at 5:15 pm with the name Music practice, is that correct?
Yes, that's right.
The alarm has been added successfully.
Thanks a lot.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's all, thanks.
Have a good day!
Show me please my alarms.
Currently set you have 2 alarms.One is for 8:30 am called Wake up.
Are there any other alarms there?
For 9:30 am called Workout.
Sure.That's okay.
You want to add an alarm?
Yes I would like.
At what time you want to be?
For 3 o"clock in the afternoon.
Create an alarm at 3 pm called New alarm.Is that okay?
Yes is very good.
I am sorry but your request could not be made.What else can I do?
Yes try again please but change the time for afternoon 3:30.
Create an alarm at 3:30 pm called New alarm.I'm right?
Yes.Is okay for me.
The alarm was added.
Thank you.That's all that I wanted.
Thank you for all!
Can you show me my alarms please?
There is an alarm named Wake up scheduled for for 8:30 am.
Ok Thanks
Do you want to add an alarm?
Yes please. Create a new alarm labeled Phone home for 3:30 pm.
Please confirm the following details: Creating an alarm at 3:30 pm with name Phone home.
Yes that is correct.
Sorry, I wasn't able to set that alarm. Anything else I can help with?
Can you try to set it for 3 in the afternoon?
Please confirm the following details: Creating an alarm at 3 pm with name Phone home.
No, please change that to Music practice.
Please confirm the following details: Creating an alarm at 3 pm with name Music practice.
Yes that is correct.
Alarm added successfully.
Thanks so much, that is all I need.
Have a nice day.
Please show me my alarms.
You have a Wake up alarm at 6:30 am.
Thanks, that is great.
Would you like me to add an alarm?
Yes, please add an alarm for quarter to 5 in the evening called Phone home.
So you want me to create an alarm at 4:45 pm called phone home.
Yes, I do.
The alarm has been added.
Thanks so much. I am all set.
Have a great day. Thank you.
I would like to see all of the alarms that I have set as of this time.
You have 2 active alarms at this time. One alarm is titled Wake up and it is set for 7:30 am
And can you tell me if there are additional alarms?
You also have an alarm titled Workout that is set for 8:30 am
Excellent. Can you please add a new alarm for 4:45 in the evening and label it Music practice?
Okay, you would like to add a new alarm for 4:45 pm with the name Music practice, correct?
That is correct.
that alarm has been created.
Great. Thanks so much!
Do you need my assistance with anything further?
No, that was all for me. Thanks!
Have a nice day.
I want to check the alarms I have.
There are 2 alarms which you have set currently, with one of the alarms being at 6:30 am, and it is called Wake Up.
Alright, that is good.
Are you interested to add another alarm?
Actually I am, I do want to add another alarm. I want the alarm to be called Grocery run.
Can you tell me the time for when you want the alarm to be set for?
The alarm should be set for 4:45 PM.
Can you please confirm that you want to create an alarm called Grocery run for 4:45 pm?
Yes, that is what I want.
Your requested alarm has been added
I appreciate it very much. That is all I wanted for now.
Thank you too.
I need to set a reminder for my new schedule this week. Can you check what alarms I have set?
Sure, you have 2 alarms set right now. One of them is your Wake up alarm at 6 am.
Ok, cool. Can you add an alarm for me?
Sure, at what time?
Can you make it for 16:15?
No problem. To confirm, you want to set a New alarm for 4:15 pm, is that right?
Yes, that's right.
Ok, the alarm has been added.
Great, thanks for your help.
No problem. Anything else I can do?
No, that's all for now.
Ok, thank you.
What alarms do I have set?
You have 2 alarms set. One is for 8:30 am titled wake up.
Okay, thanks. I'd like to add a new alarm.
What time do you want the alarm for?
It is for evening 5:15.
Okay, you want an alarm created at 5:15 pm titled new alarm, right?
No, title the alarm cooking and set it for evening 4.
Okay, creating a new alarm at 4 pm titled cooking, right?
Yes, that is correct.
I have successfully created the alarm.
Thank you. That is all I needed.
Have a great day.
What are my alarms?
You have an alarm for 7 am with the name Wake up.
Right, right. Okay.
Would you like me to add an alarm?
Yes, I would.
When would you like the new alarm to go off?
Make it for a quarter to 5 in the evening.
Please confirm that you would like me to create an alarm for 4:45 pm with the name New Alarm.
Call the alarm Cooking and make it for a quarter past 4 in the evening.
Please confirm that you would like me to create an alarm for 4:15 pm with the name Cooking.
Yes, I confirm.
The alarm Cooking was successfully added.
Nice, i'm glad to hear it.
Will you be needing anything else?
No that will be all for now, good bye.
Okay, let me know if you need anything else.
I want to see my alarms.
You have an alarm set for 7 am which is titled Wake up.
Alright, fine. Though now I would like to add another alarm for 17:00.
Can you please confirm that you want to create an alarm for 5 pm and to name it New alarm?
Yes, that is right.
I apologize but I could not set your alarm with your requested preferences. Is there something else I can help you with?
Would you mind trying to do that again, though now you try to set the alarm for 16:15?
Can you please confirm to me that you want to have an alarm created for 4:15 pm, and for the alarm to be titled New alarm?
Yes, that is what I want.
Your requested alarm has been added.
I appreciate it very much!
Do you want me to help you with something else?
Not now. I am thankful for the help!
Thank you too!
Can you review my alarms for me?
Of course. You have a total of 2 alarms set. The first is a 9 am Wake up alarm.
Thank you! Can you add one at half past 4 in the evening and name it Cleaning?
You'd like to add an alarm for Cleaning at 4:30 pm. Is this correct?
I'm sorry, I have to change that. I'd like it called Phone home and set it for afternoon 3:15.
You'd like an alarm to remind you to Phone home at 3:15 pm. Is that right?
Yes, that's correct.
Your alarm had been added.
Great! Thank you for the help.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
Hi there, what alarms do I have that are currently active?
You have 2 set alarms, one of which is at 8:30 am titled Wake up.
Sure, could you add an alarm at four pm titled Phone home please?
Sure, please confirm your request to at an alarm at 4 pm with the title Phone home.
That sounds great to me!
Your alarm has been successfully added!
Thanks alot! That is all I need.
No worries, have a great day ahead!
What alarms do I have set.
You currently have 2 alarms. One alarm named Wake up is set for 6 am.
Okay, I want to add a new alarm named Cooking.
What time would you like to use for the alarm?
Set if for the evening 4:15.
Please confirm: Create an alarm named Cooking for 4:15 pm.
That is correct.
The alarm has been successfully created.
Thanks, that is all.
Your welcome.
Would you show me my alarms?
There is an alarm for 7:30 am called wake up.
That sounds good.
Would you like me to add an alarm?
Yes, do that.
What time should it be?
It will be for 3:30 pm.
Could you confirm that I should create an alarm at 3:30 pm called new alarm?
No, it should be afternoon 3:45.
Could you confirm that I should create an alarm for 3:45 pm called new alarm?
That is right.
Sorry but I could not set the alarm. Is there something else I could assist with?
No, that's all.
Thanks!
I need to set an alarm.
Sure, I can do that. What time?
Set it for 15:15.
Please confirm that you'd like a new alarm set at 3:15 pm.
Yup, thanks!
It was added.
Thanks, that's it.
Have a good day.
I'm hoping to motivate myself to do some chores around the house. I want to add an alarm called Cleaning.
Sure, what time would you like to set the alarm for?
I'd like to make it for five in the evening.
Ok, the alarm will be created with the name Cleaning and is set to go off at 5 pm. Is that correct?
Yes, that is correct.
Sorry, the alarm was not able to be created. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks.
No problem. Sorry I wasn't able to help.
I would like to create an alarm notification.
For which time?
For 3:45 in the afternoon.
You would like to create a New alarm for 3:45 pm?
Yes, that's right.
I was unable to set the alarm for that time. Would you need anything else?
please try again for evening 4:45
You would like to create an alarm called New alarm for 4:45 pm
Yes, I do.
I have created the alarm.
Thanks a lot.
You need assistance with anything else?
No, that would be all.
My pleasure to assist.
Create an alarm for me for evening 5 and name it Music practice.
You would like to create an alarm for 5 pm and name it Music practice?
Call the alarm Grocery run instead.
You would like to create an alarm for 5 pm and name it Grocery run?
That is correct.
Your alarm has been created.
Thanks a million.
Do you need anything else?
No. Thanks a million.
Thanks a lot.
I want to create a new alarm and name it Cleaning
What time do you want the alarm for?
For quarter past 3 in the afternoon.
You would like to create a new alarm called Cleaning for 3:15 pm
No, I want it for three in the afternoon.
You would like to create a new alarm called Cleaning for 3 pm?
No. I want it to be called Music practice.
You would like to create an alarm for 3 pm and call it Music practice?
That is correct.
I have created the alarm for you.
Thanks a million.
Do you need help with anything else?
No. Thanks a lot.
Thank you very much.
I need to add an alarm
At what time is it
Make it 3:30 in the afternoon
Please confirm that creating an alarm at 3:30 pm with name new alarm
No call it as Cleaning
Please confirm that creating an alarm at 3:30 pm with name cleaning
No make it for 4:15 pm
Please confirm creating alarm at 4:15 pm with name cleaning
Correct
Alarm added successfully
thanks a lot that's all
Thank you
I need to set an alarm titled music practice for 17:15.
OK, please confirm alarm at 5:15 pm named music practice.
That is correct.
Sorry, the alarm is not set. Can I do anything else for you?
Can you try one more time with a new alarm called Grocery run?
OK, new alarm at 5:15 pm titled Grocery run.
Please change it to 4:30 pm.
OK, the details are alarm at 4:30 pm titled Grocery run.
That is correct.
The alarm has been added.
Thanks a lot.
Can I help with anything else?
No, that is all.
Have a nice day.
I would like to add an alarm for 17:15
please confirm the details creating an alarm at 5:15 pm. with name new alarm
no make it for 4:30 in the evening
please confirm creating an alarm at 4:30 pm with name new alarm
no make the name as grocery run
please confirm creating an alarm at 4:30 pm. with the name grocery run
yes correct
the alarm at that is successful
thanks much that's all for now
thank you have a nice day
Set an alarm titled Cleaning for half past 3 in the afternoon.
Please confirm that you want to set an alarm named Cleaning for 3:30 pm.
That's correct.
Sorry, the alarm could not be set. Is there anything else I could help with?
Can you try to set the alarm again with title Phone home?
Please confirm that you want to set an alarm named Phone home for 3:30 pm.
Hold on. Can you make that quarter to 4 in the afternoon?
So you want to set an alarm named Phone home for 3:45 pm. Is that correct?
That's right.
Sorry, the alarm could not be set. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No. That's all. Thank you.
Thank you and have a great day!
I need to set an alarm. Please set alarm time for me.
At what time should i need to set the alarm?
It will be fro 3:15 pm
please confirm the following details. Alarm is set at 3:15 pm with name New Alarm.
No, it should be for evening 4:15 and the alarm name should be Leave for home.
Please confirm the following details. Alarm is set at 4:15 pm with name Leave for home.
ok that sound good.
Sorry, i couldn't able to set the alarm. Whether anything help i need to do?
Can you try it once again? create an alarm as Grocery run.
Please confirm the following details. Alarm is set at 4:15 pm with name Grocery run.
ok thats good.
Alarm added successfully.
Thanks a lot.
Whether i need to do anything else?
no, not for now.
bye take care. have a great day
I have to add an alarm for Leave for home please.
Easy enough, for what time?
Give me 3:45 pm please.
I think I have it: Creating alarm for 3:45 pm for Leave for home.
No silly, I want it for 4:30 in the evening.
All right, I think I can correct that: Alarm for 4:30 pm for Leave for home.
Yes, that's right.
I'm sorry, that didn't work. What else will you want?
Try again, call it Phone home this time.
Sure I'm creating it now for 4:30 pm with the name Phone home.
Yes, you did it.
Alarm works successfully.
Thank you for correcting it.
Nice, thank you.
Can you set me a new alarm called cooking
What time do you want it set for?
Set it for quarter to 4 in the afternoon, and change the name to grocery run
Confirming new alarm, grocery run, for 3:45 pm.
Yes thank you
I'm sorry I was unable to crate the alarm
Okay nevermind then
Thank you.
Can you please add an alarm called Grocery run.
What time would you like that to be set for?
Do it in the evening 5:15.
Let's confirm the details. You want Grocery run alarm set for 5:15 pm.
Yeah, that sounds great.
I couldn't do that for you I'm sorry. Is there anything else I can do?
Try and do it again but for 15:15.
Okay, let's confirm the details. Grocery run at 3:15 pm.
Actually call it phone home.
Okay, let's confirm the details. New alarm Phone home at 3:15 pm.
Okay great, that sounds perfect.
The alarm has been created.
Thanks for your help.
Is there anything else I can do?
No, that will be all.
Thank you, have a nice day.
I would like to set an alarm for 3:15 pm.
Okay, confirm these details for me: Setting an alarm to go off at 3:15 pm with the name new alarm.
No, please name the alarm Cleaning.
Okay, confirm these details for me please: Creating an alarm for 3:15 pm that is called cleaning.
Yes, that is what I want.
Sorry, I couldn't set the alarm. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can you try again to do it? It will be for evening 5 and I want the alarm to be called music practice.
Okay, confirm these details: Creating an alarm for 5 pm that is called music practice.
Yes, that sounds good.
The alarm has been successfully created.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No. Thanks very much.
Thank you very much.
I want to make a new Alarm at 4:30 in the evening in the name of Leave for home. Can you make it for me?
Yes, I need your final confirmation to make a new alarm at 4:30 pm in the name Leave for home.
Please change the time to 15:15.
Okay. Please confirm to make a new alarm at 3:15 pm in the name Leave for home.
Yes, proceed as it is.
Unfortunately I was not able to make the new alarm. How can I assist you further?
I think you can try for one more time. You can use the name Grocery run.
Please confirm finally to make a new alarm at 3:15 pm in the new name Grocery run.
Yes, confirmed to proceed.
Sorry, again it was not possible for me to make it. Anything else you need?
No. Thanks for now.
Have a great day.
Can you add an alarm to go off at 3 pm?
Sure, please confirm you'd like me to set a New alarm for 3 pm.
Yes, but title the alarm Leave for home.
Okay, confirm you'd like a new alarm set for 3 pm titled Leave for home.
Actually, scratch that. Call it cleaning and set is for half past 4 in the evening.
Sure, confirm you'd like an alarm set called cleaning at 4:30 pm?
Yup, that's right.
I've added your new alarm.
Thanks, appreciate it.
Do you need anything else?
Nope, that's all.
Have a great day.
I would like to put in another alarm.
What would be the best time to set for this alarm?
Name it Phone home and make it for 5:15 pm.
Verify the upcoming information: Name the new alarm as Phone home and set it for 5:15 pm.
Right, that sounds good.
I apologize but I wasn't able to get the new alarm set. Would you need additional help with anything else?
Would you be able to give it another go? Make the title Cleaning.
Please verify the upcoming details: The new alarm will be called Cleaning and the time will be 5:15 pm.
Right, that will do.
The alarm was created without an issue.
Thanks so very much for your help and that's takes care of it for now.
Thanks!
Can you add an alarm for me?
What time do you want me add the alarm at?
I would like to add an alarm at 4:45 in the evening with the name Grocery run.
Please confirm: You want me to add an alarm at 4:45 pm with name Grocery run.
Yes, That is correct.
Sorry, Your alarm could not be set. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you retry with the time as three pm?
Please confirm: You want me to add an alarm at 3 pm with name Grocery run.
No, Name this alarm as cooking.
Please confirm: You want me to add an alarm at 3 pm with name Cooking.
Yes, That is correct.
I have successfully added the alarm for you.
Thank you so much for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. That will be all. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day!
I need to add a new alarm titled Music Practice.
What time do you want to set the alarm for?
It is for 16:45
Okay, creating an alarm for 4:45 pm titles Music Practice, correct?
No, call it Leave for Home.
Okay, you want to create a new alarm at 4:45 pm titled Leave for Home, right?
Actually, it is going to be at 5 o"clock in the evening.
Okay, creating an alarm titled Leave for Home at 5 pm, sound good?
Yes, that is great.
Unfortunately, I was unable to create this alarm. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks.
Have a great day.
Please help me add an alarm at five pm.
Okay, you want me to create an alarm at 5 pm with name New Alarm. Please confirm.
Exactly.
Apologies, I wasn't able to set it. Do you prefer 5:15 pm and call it New Alarm?
That's good.
Apologies, I still fail to set the alarm. Anything you need?
No, thanks.
You are welcome!
Can you add an alarm for four in the evening?
Understood, I will create an alarm at 4 pm titled New alarm.
Actually change the name of the new alarm to Cleaning.
An alarm called Cleaning will be set for 4 pm, is that correct?
Correct, thank you.
Unfortunately I could not set the alarm for those parameters, can I help you with anything else?
What about if you set the alarm for 4:45 in the evening? Also change the name for Leave for home.
The alarm Leave for home will be set at 4:45 pm, correct?
That is correct, thank you.
The alarm has been added successfully.
Great, thanks a ton. That is all I needed.
Thank you, have a pleasant day.
I need weather info for the 1st of March.
What is the desired city for weather information?
The city is Palo Alto, and weather info for March 2nd.
The average temperature is predicted to be around 83 degrees Farenheit. There is also a 9 percent chance of rain.
Alright then, thanks a billion.
Of course. Have a safe day.
What's the weather like in Stinson Beach today?
It should be around 80 degrees Fahrenheit with a 16 percent chance of rain.
Alright. That's all. Thank you.
Have a nice day.
Can you get me the condition of weather in Palo Alto on today?
It is said 79 degrees Fahrenheit of average temperature and 4 percent chance of rain.
Great, thats helpful
Do you need any other service?
Thats all. thank you.
Good day sir.
I would like to know about the weather
Okay, just tell me the city where you want me to look.
The place is Walnut Creek.
Temperature is 72 degrees Fahrenheit with a 13 percent probability of rain.
Got it.
What can I do for you now?
Nothing. Thank you.
Bye
I'd like to know the weather forecast please.
For what city please?
I'd like to know the Woodside forecast for the 10th.
Certainly, Woodside will have an average temperature of 86 degrees Fahrenheit and a 24 percent chance of rain on that day.
Could you also tell me the forecast for Bodega Bay this Sunday?
Yes, the temperature will average 77 degrees Fahrenheit that day and there will be an 8 percent possibility of precipitation.
Terrific, that's all I need. Bye now.
Goodbye, thank you very much.
Find me the weather in Berkeley on this Saturday.
The expected average temperature through the day is 83 degrees Fahrenheit with 26 percent chance of rain.
And how windy is it gonna be?
The expected average speed of the wind is 6 mph.
Okay! That sounds good.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. That will be all. Thank you!
I am glad I could help. Have a nice day!
Hey I need to check the weather on March 7th in Danville so I can see what it's like that day
It seems like it will be around 73 degrees Fahrenheit on average with a low 15 percent chance of rain
What about the wind?
It'll be around 7 miles per hour wind speed averages
Oh great, that's it for now, thanks so much it was really helpful
I am glad I could be of service!
I want to check about the weather condition in Fremont. I need your help to check the same on the 1st. Do you help me?
Yes, Please note that the average temperature will be 84 degrees Fahrenheit and the chance for rain will be 0 percent on that day.
Also let me know about the Wind and Humidity.
The average wind speed will be 1 miles per hour and the humidity is around 15 percent. Hope this information was useful to you.
Yes, that was useful and thanks. That's all for now.
Have a great day.
Hi, could you check the weather on the 10th of this month please.
Sure, which city are you interested in?
Calistoga, please.
The average temperature is 84 degress on that day with a 13 percent chance of rain.
How about the expected humidity on that day?
It should be averaging around 28 percent.
Sure, that is all I need for now. Thank you for your kind assistance!
No worries, have a pleasant day ahead!
Can you check the weather for the 11th of March?
In what city?
look in Millbrae
It is expected to be about 91 degrees with a 25 percent chance of rain.
Okay. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you.
Have a good day.
I want updates about the weather.
Where exactly?
Orinda.
Temperature is 81 degrees Fahrenheit and the chance of rain is 3 percent.
Can you also tell me about humidity and wind speed please?
Humidity is 16 percent and the wind will blow at 9 miles per hour.
Got it.
What can I help you with now?
Nothing, I'm fine. Goodbye.
Have a great day.
Find me the weather in Discovery Bay on 7th of March.
The expected average temperature for the day is 85 degrees Fahrenheit with 28 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell me how humid is it gonna be?
The expected humidity is 56 percent.
Okay! That is all I need for now. Bye!
I am glad I could help. Bye!
Give me a weather report for tomorrow.
Easy enough, where shall I check for you?
Moraga please.
Well, the temp will be 76 degrees and there is only a 4 % chance of rain.
Will there be wind to muss my hair?
No, only 2 mph wind.
Will it be humid?
No, not relatively. 23 percent.
Fine, I guess that's good.
What more can I help with.
Nothing, I'm good.
Good bye, thanks.
I want to check the weather please
What place are you interested in checking?
I wanna see what it's like in Las Vegas
Well right now it's 84 degrees Fahrenheit with a rough 18 percent chance of rain
How about in San Pablo on March 12th?
The temperature there is around 81 degrees with a 28 percent chance of it raining
Is it expected to be humid and windy?
Wind speeds are pretty low at 2 miles per hour, and humidity is at around 15 percent
OK, thanks for all of that information
Anything else you want me to check?
No that's it for now
Cheers, have a good one
I want to know how the weather is going to be on March 8th.
Can you tell me the city you are interested that I check the weather at?
I am interested in Millbrae.
For your requested location the average temperature for the day should be 92 degrees Fahrenheit, and with a chance of raining at 0 percent.
Alright, can you also tell me about it in San Anselmo on Wednesday next week?
In the location you are interested the temperature for the day should be at 91 degrees Fahrenheit, and there will be a raining chance of 15 percent.
Fine, right. Got what I wanted. Bye for now!
Enjoy.
Can you check the weather in South San Francisco on the 13th of this month?
Sure. The average temperature for that day is expected to be 91 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 12 percent chance of rain.
Hmm, alright. How windy do they say it will be?
The average wind speed is expected to be 10 miles per hour.
And how humid is it expected to be?
Around 31 percent.
Awesome, thank you. That will be all.
Anytime, let me know if you need anything further.
I want to check the weather for Marshall on the 5th.
The temperature on average for the day is 76 degrees F. with a 25 percent chance of rain.
Okay what about in San Leandro.
The average temperature for the day is 91 degrees F with an 18 percent chance of rain.
Sure that is fine.
Is there anything else you would like?
No. Thanks so much!
To success.
I would like to check the weather.
Which city would you like me to check the weather for?
I would like to check the weather in Duncans Mills on the 6th.
The average temperature for the day should be 70 degrees Fahrenheit with 12 percent chance of rainfall.
Okay! Thanks for the help. That is all I need for now. Bye!
I am glad I could help. Bye!
I need weather info now, please.
In which city would you like weather info?
I need it for Daly City.
The forecasted temperature is set to be about 77 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 6 percent chance of precipitation.
Wind speed info, please?
The average wind speed is forecasted to be around 6 MPH.
Okay, that's all!
Of course. Have a safe day.
I have a plan to go out . please check the weather on March 7th.
At which city do you wish to check the weather for?
Please check the weather at cloverdale.
The average temperature for the day should be 88 degrees Fahrenheit. And there is a 22 percent chance of rain.
How windy going to be on that day?
the average wind speed should be 3 miles per hour.
Ok sure. thats all i need.
Whether anything else i need to do?
no thanks a lot for your help
have a wonderful day.bye for now
I must verify the climate.
What metropolis would you like to verify the climate for?
The city is St. Helena, and on this Saturday.
The mean temperature for that day ought to be 76 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 1 percent probability of raining.
Okay, I understand.
Is there something else you require help with?
No, thank you for your assistance.
Have a good day.
Hi, could you help me check the weather in the District of Columbia please?
Sure, the average temperature is 75 degrees on that day with a 13 percent chance of rain.
I see, may I know the humidity and windiness too
The average wind speed is 6 miles per hour with an expected humidity around 36 percent.
I see, thanks alot!
Do you need any other assistance?
No, that is all I need. Thank you!
No worries, have a great day ahead!
What's the weather like in San Anselmo on the 1st?
It should be around 89 degrees Fahrenheit with a 28 percent chance of rain.
What about on the 10th of this month?
It should be around 87 degrees Fahrenheit with a 28 percent chance of rain.
Alright. That's all. Thanks.
Have a nice day.
How will the weather be in Pacifica on the 11th?
The average temperature should be 82 degrees Fahrenheit with a 16 percent chance of rain on the 11th.
Is it going to be very humid?
Humidity is expected to be around 21 percent.
Thank you. And how about the weather in Martinez on the 12th of March?
The average temperature should be 85 degrees Fahrenheit with a 27 percent chance of rain on the 12th.
Okay, thank you.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No. Thanks a bunch!
Have a great day! Bye!
I want to check about the weather condition in NY. Can you do it for me?
Yes please note that the average temperature will be 66 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 37 percent for rain.
That is okay. Also check about the same in Santa Clara on 3rd of March.
the average temperature will be 84 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 24 percent for rain.
I also need to know the Wind speed and Humidity.
Wind speed will be 4 miles per hour in average and Humidity is around 38 percent.
Thanks. Please check the same on March 12th too.
the average temperature will be 85 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 21 percent for rain.
Thank you for your information.
How can I help you further?
Nothing for now. Thanks.
Have a good day.
Im looking for weather in Rutherford
It is 86 degree Fahrenheit for the day and there is a 28 percent chance to rain
What about the humidity
It is about 41 percent
What about Its wind
The average speed is 10 miles per hour
Great
Anything else should I assist for
No thank you for it
Warm regards
I would like to check the weather in Alamo for next Wednesday.
The temperature should be around 75 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 7 percent chance of rain.
How will the humidity be?
The humidity will be around 20 percent.
How will Mountain View be on the 9th of March?
The temperature should be around 77 degrees and there is a 27 percent chance of rain.
That is all I needed.
Have a good day.
I must verify the weather in Foster City later today.
The mean temperature for today ought to be 80 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 22 percent possibility of raining.
How wet will it be, and how much wind will there be?
The mean wind speed ought to be 8 miles per hour, and the wetness is near 38 percent.
Alright, what about Valley Ford?
The mean temperature for today ought to be 72 degrees Fahrenheit, along with a 6 percent probability of raining.
Okay, that's all; see ya!
Goodbye.
Check for me please the weather on March 10th in Vallejo.
For the day the average temperature should be 76 degree Fahrenheit and 10 percent chance of rain.
Tell me how humid is it expected to be.
Around 27 percent is the humidity.
Windy how will be?
Should be 11 miles per hour the average wind speed.
Okay,I understand you.
Can I help you with anything else?
No.Thank you very much!
Bye!
What is the weather going to be on the 4th of March?
What city would you like to know the weather.
I need to know the weather on the 6th of this month in Sausalito please.
There is a 15 percent chance of rain and a temp of 89 degrees Fahrenheit expected.
Can you tell me the expected humidity?
Yes The humidity is expected to bee 22 percent.
Thanks. I am all set.
Have a great day.
Could you please inform me about the weather?
Where should I look?
The city is Toronto, Canada
The temperature is 58 degrees Fahrenheit with a chance of rain of 13 percent.
What about humidity?
It should be around 25 percent
I see.
Do you need more info?
No, that's okay.
Enjoy your time.
What is the weather going to be like on the 1st of March?
For which city?
For Oakley on March 10th.
It should be 83 degrees Fahrenheit with a 20 percent chance of rainfall.
What about in Brentwood?
It should be 71 degrees Fahrenheit with a 21 percent chance of rainfall.
How humid would it be?
Around 29 percent.
Well, that would be all. Thank you.
Ok, take care.
Will you check the weather?
Weather for which city?
Chi-town on 14th of March please.
Average temperature is 68 degrees Fahrenheit with a 24 percent chance of rain.
What's the humdity?
Humidity should be around 26 percent.
What's the weather like in Phoenix on next Thursday?
Average temperature is 86 degrees Fahrenheit with 19 percent chance of rain.
What's the humidity? How windy?
Average wind speed is at 11 miles per hour with humidity at 36 percent.
Great. That's all.
Have a nice day.
I want to check weather on the 13th
For which city you want
Make it in Newark
The average temperature should be 82 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 9 percent chance to rain
What about humidity windy
The average wind speed is 2 miles per hour and humidity around 25 Percent
How about in foster city
It is 94 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 23 percent chance to rain
Sure great
Shall I assist anything more
Thanks a lot
Cheers have a nice day
Can you tell me the weather in Campbell on the 4th?
Sure thing. The average temperature for the day will be around 72 degrees Fahrenheit with a 29 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be that day?
The average wind speed will be around 5 miles per hour.
What's the humidity?
The humidity will be around 44 percent.
Okay thanks. Tell me the weather in Yountville on March 3rd.
The average temperature will be around 75 degrees fahrenheit that day with a 16 percent chance of rain.
Thanks. That's all for now. Appreciate the help.
My pleasure! Goodbye.
I would like weather information.
Which city would you like?
Montara on March 10th.
The average temperature should be 72 degrees with a 20 percent chance of rain.
What about the wind?
The average wind speed should be around 6 miles per hour.
And the humidity percentage?
Humidity is about 22 percent.
Great, thank you.
Cheers.
I want to check the weather condition in Vancouver and I need to check it on 5th of this month. Can you help me to find the one?
Please note that the average temperature will be 62 degrees Fahrenheit and there will be a chance of 56 percent for rain on that day.
Thanks for the information and also check the Weather condition in American Canyon on March 6th.
Please note that the average temperature will be 83 degrees Fahrenheit and there will be a chance of 19 percent for rain on that day.
Let me know the Humidity also.
It will be around 40 percent.
And the Wind condition will be?
the wind speed will be around 3 miles per hour in average
That's okay. Thanks for all.
Have a good day.
Can you tell me what the weather will be in Alameda next Wednesday?
The average temperature on that day is forecast at 88 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 27 percent chance of rain.
What about the humidity, that can make a big difference. What is the humidity forecast for that day?
It is projected to be around 27 percent humidity.
How windy will it be?
The average wind speed is expected to be about 12 miles per hour.
And what will the weather be like in Washington on the 14th?
The average temperature is expected to be 90 degrees Fahrenheit, and a 2 percent chance of rain is forecast.
OK, I have all I need, thank you!
Have a great day!
What is the weather in New York going to be like on the 11th?
The average temperature in New York on the 11th should be around 65 degrees Fahrenheit with a 34 percent chance of rain.
What about in Stinson Beach?
The average temperature in Stinson Beach on the 11th should be around 78 degrees Fahrenheit with a 15 percent change of rain.
What about on March 5th?
The average temperature in Stinson Beach on March 5th should be around 90 degrees Fahrenheit with a 18 percent chance of rain.
How windy and humid will it be?
The average wind speed should be around 7 miles per hour with a 28 percent humidity.
Okay, thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you.
Have a great day.
Hi, what is the weather in London, England on the 5th of this month?
The weather on that day is about 94 degrees Fahrenheit with a 28 percent chance of rain.
May I know the windiness and humidity on that day too?
Thea average wind speed is expected to be 12 miles per hour with an average humidity of 23 percent.
Sure, how about at Novato on the 3rd of this month?
The average temperature there should be 82 degrees with a 15 percent chance of rain.
I see, thank you!
Do you need any further assistance?
No, that is all I need. Thank you!
Have a great day ahead!
I'm visiting Martinez soon and would like the check the weather there please
After checking it shows that it'll be around 80 degrees Fahrenheit with a 24 percent chance of it raining
I see, can you check on the 5th of March to be more specific
It'll be a little hotter at 83 degrees, but less chance of rain at 22 percent
How humid do you expect it to be?
Right around 29 percent humidity
OK got it, now I know, thanks!
Let me know if you need more help!
Can you check the weather for the 14th?
What city should I check in?
Morgan Hill, make it March 3rd instead.
It should average around 70 degrees with a 23 percent chance of rain.
Is it supposed to be humid?
The humidity should be around 43 percent.
And the wind?
Should be around 7 miles per hour.
Okay, thanks. That's all I needed.
You're welcome. Bye.
I want to see what the weather will be on Sunday this week.
Which city do you want to know the weather for?
That would be Rio Vista on 10th of March.
The temperature on that day looks like it will average 77 degrees Fahrenheit and there will be a 26 percent chance of rain.
What will the wind be like that day?
The wind speed on that day is forecast to be 9 miles per hour.
What is the humidity level going to be that day?
The humidity is predicted to be about 32 percent.
Okay, how about the weather in Newark that day.
The temperature on that day will average 92 degrees Fahrenheit and there will be a 16 percent chance of rain.
Okay, thank you. Good bye for now!
Have a fine day.
Can you help me check the weather?
In which city would you like me to check the weather?
Please check the weather for Anaheim, CA.
There is a 29 percent chance of rain, with an expected temp of 78 degrees Fahrenheit.
What is the humidity expected to be?
The humidity is expected to be 45 percent.
Thanks, can you tell me the weather for March 12th?
There is a 16 percent chance of rain and the temp should be 71 degrees Fahrenheit.
Okay. Thanks I am all set. Goodbye.
Have a great day.
I would like to check the weather.
Where would you like to know the weather.
In Albany, please.
The average temperature should be around 92 degrees with a 19 percent chance of rain.
Is is humid?
The humidity is 29 percent.
What about the wind?
Average speed of 8 miler per hour.
OK, thank you.
You are welcome.
I am thinking of traveling to Healdsburg and would like to know the weather for the 2nd of this month.
On that day the temperature averages 91 degrees Farenheit and there is usually a 21 percent chance of rain.
Thank you. What about on the 10th?
On that day the average temperature is 79 degrees farenheit with the chance of rain at 22 percent.
Is it usually humid and what is it typically?
The humidity averages around 47 percent.
What about the wind? Does it get windy?
The wind speed averages around 3 miles per hour.
Great, thank you for that information.
Do you need further assistance?
No, not at the moment. Thanks again for your help!
Your welcome! Enjoy your day!
I'm gonna be in Clayton on the 12th of March and need to check the weather please
Sure thing, it looks like on that date it's gonna be around 92 degrees Fahrenheit with a 17 percent chance of it raining
How windy do you expect it to be?
It's gonna be around 8 mile per hour winds going that day
What about in the Hercules area if I pass by that way
It's a little cooler than Clayton at 84 degrees and a very low 3 percent chance of rain
Good to know, okay!
Anything else you need from out end?
For now this is all good, thanks
Alright, take care then!
I want to check weather in Sacramento
The average temperature should be 82 Fahrenheit and it has a 26 percent chance to rain
What about humidity
It's around 27 percent
What about Portland on 12th of march
The average temperature is 72 degrees Fahrenheit with a 16 percent chance to rain
How windy it's gonna be in there
It's 11 miles per hour
Great. Thanks that's all for now
Cheers and regards
How's the weather in LA on March 9th?
The average temperature for the day is expected to be 94 degrees Fahrenheit with a 13 percent chance of rain.
I want to check about the weather condition in American canyon on 12th of March for which I need your help.
Please note that the average temperature on that day will be 75 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 15 percent for rain fall there on that day.
Please check the same on the 11th in London also.
Please note that the average temperature on that day will be 71 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 15 percent for rain fall there on that day.
And what about Humidity? Please check it in average.
It will be around 41 percent.
Then also check about wind speed.
It will be around 11 miles per hour in average. Anymore information you need to check?
What is the weather suppose to be on the 8th of this month in San Diego?
The average temperature is 93 degrees with a 6 percent chance of rain.
What is the average wind and humidity?
The wind is usually around 5 mph and the humidity averages 18 percent.
Can you check the weather for me?
In which city?
I want to see the weather in Mexico City on the 14th of this month.
The average temperature will be 92 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
What will the weather be in Marshall on the 1st of this month?
There will be a 5 percent change of rain with an average temperature of 86 degrees.
OK, What is the weather forecast for Delhi, India on the 10th of March?
It is expected to be 102 degrees on average that day with inly a 4 percent chance of rain.
Will it be very humid or windy?
The wind is predicted to be around 4 miles per hour and the humidity should be about 18 percent.
What will the weather in Portland be on the 14th?
The average temperature will be 57 Fahrenheit with a 13 percent chance of rain.
What about the wind speed?
There will be a wind speed of 6 miles per hour.
What about the humidity
The humidity will be approximately 20 percent.
Can I get the Portland, OR weather forecast for the 13th of this month?
Portland is going to have an average temperature of 58 degrees Fahrenheit on that day with the chance of rain at 24 percent.
How about the humidity?
On that day, it'll be 13 percent.
And what about the wind conditions?
It should be a 15 mile-per-hour wind speed that day.
Please check the weather forecast for me.
Ok what city should I check the forecast in?
Please check the weather in San Francisco on the 9th of March.
The weather on that day should be around 70 degrees Fahrenheit with a 2 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity supposed to be?
The humidity on that day should be about 16 percent.
Is it going to be windy?
The wind speed on that day should be about 9 miles per hour.
I'd like to check the weather in Chicago.
The average temperature is 73 Fahrenheit with a 29 percent chance of rain.
I want to check the weather for Wednesday next week.
What city would you like to check?
I want the weather in Cotati
The average temperature should be 93 Fahrenheit with a 27 percent chance of rain.
What will the humidity be? Is it going to be windy?
The humidity is projected to be around 41 percent with a wind speed of 9 miles per hour.
What will the weather be in Chicago on Monday next week?
The average temperature should be 65 degrees Fahrenheit with a 35 percent chance of rain.
Can you show me the weather of New York on the 4th?
The expected temperature will be 59 degrees Fahrenheit with 22 percent chance of rain.
Can you check for the wind speed that day?
The expected average wind speed is 8 mph.
Whats the current weather at the moment?
Any particular city that you want to check the weather at the moment?
Check the current weather in Vallejo.
Average temperatures in Vallejo for today is 83 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 10 percent chance of rain.
How about the weather in SF on the 10th?
For SF on the 10th, the average temperatures is expected to be 93 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 12 percent chance of rain.
What about the humidity, whats that going to be like on that day?
Humidity is expected to be around 26 percent.
How about wind conditions, how windy is it going to be?
Wind speed should be on average about 6 miles per hour.
Thanks for all the info, I appreciate it.
Is there anything else you need assistance on?
Can you tell me what the weather in SF is expected to be today?
There is a 29 percent chance of rain and the average temperature will be 91 degrees Fahrenheit.
I am going to be outside. Let me know the weather forecast please.
I will check the weather but I need to know the city you need the weather checked in.
New Delhi is the place I need the weather checked for.
New Delhi has a forecast predicting a 4 percent chance of showers. You should expect the temperature during the day to be 99 degrees Fahrenheit.
I'd like to check the weather in toronto, canada
The average temp there will be 58 degrees with a 13 % chance of rain.
How humid and windy will it be?
The humidity will be around 25 %, with a wind speed of 9 mph.
Can you tell me what the weather will be like in Vancouver on the 4th?
It will be 58 degrees fahrenheit with a 49 % of rain.
will it be humid?
around 54 % humidity.
What's the weather like in LA?
It will be 76 degrees and there is a 28 % chance of rain.
What will be the humidity and how windy do you think it will be?
Humidity in LA will be about 75 % and winds are light at 4 MPH.
Can you help me check the weather please
What city are we looking at
I want to see what it's like in Vegas
It's gonna be 84 degrees with an 18 percent chance of rain
Can you provide the weather forecast in Chicago for me please?
Yes. The forecast predicts a 29 percent possibility of showers. The temperature throughout the day is predicted to average 73 degrees Fahrenheit.
How muggy is it predicted to be? Also check how breezy it is expected to be please.
The atmospheric moisture is expected to be 29 percent. The breezes are expected to average 15 miles an hour.
Tell me about the weather for the date of March 4th.
I can do that for you if you provide the city name.
I want information on weather in Tomales.
In Tomales, the average temperature is 85 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 28 percent of there being rainfall.
Okay tell me about another city. This time, tell me the forecast for next Tuesday in Toronto.
There is a 55 percent chance of there being rain in Toronto. The temperature will hover around 66 degrees Fahrenheit.
What is the humidity and wind speed for that day?
The humidity is around 23 percent with a wind speed of 12 miles per hour.
Hey, check the weather in San Francisco for me.
Sure thing. The average temperature is 91 degrees Fahrenheit with a 29 percent chance of rain.
What's the wind speed and humidity like?
The humidity is around 49 percent and wind speed will be around 2 miles per hour.
What will the weather in San Diego be like.
The average temperature will be 90 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
Hello, could you help me check the weather on 7th of March in Los Angeles please?
The average temperature is 86 degrees Fahrenheit with a 5 percent chance of rain.
What will the weather be in Nairobi on March 9th?
The average temperature is 103 degrees with 0 chance of rain.
Okay, I see.
Do you need something else?
I want to check the weather condition in particular area. Do you help me?
Yes, in which area you want to check about the weather?
Check it in Toronto.
Please note that the temperature will be 58 degree Fahrenheit in average and the chance of rain will be at 13 percent.
Can you tell me the weather?
Where would you like to know the weather?
What's the weather in LA?
The average temperature should be 76 degree F, with a 28 percent chance of rain.
How windy and humid is it supposed to be?
The humidity for today is around 75 percent. The average wind is 4 miles an hour.
I want to check weather on March 13th in Portland
The average temperature for the day should be 58 degree Fahrenheit and there is a 24 percent chance to rain
I want the weather in SD for the 9th.
It will be averaging a day temperature of 83 degrees Fahrenheit with a 25 percent possibility of raining.
Can you check the weather forecast in Phoenix for me?
Yes. Phoenix shows a 15 Percent possibility of showers. The temperature throughout the day could average 89 degrees Fahrenheit.
Will there be a lot of wind?
The wind will blow aroubd 11 miles per hour.
How muggy is it expected to be?
There will be about a 23 percent concentration of water vapor in the air.
I need to see what the weather will be like in London, UK on the 12th of March
It looks like it's gonna be 87 degrees with a 21 percent chance of it raining there
Cool, now how windy and humid is it expected to be?
It's expected to be around 32 percent humidity with a 2 mile per hour wind speed
OK thanks for that
What else can I do for you?
I am interested to know how the weather is going to be on 7th of March in San Diego.
For your requested location the temperature should be at an average of 90 degrees Fahrenheit, and with a chance of raining at 17 percent.
Show me the weather of Mexico City on March 13th.
The expected average temperature through the day is 91 degrees Fahrenheit with 8 percent chance of rain.
Can you check for the wind speed?
The expected average wind speed is 6 mph.
Okay, That sounds good.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you check the weather for me?
Sure thing. Which city would you like to check?
Can you tell me the weather in SFO?
The average temperature will be 91 degrees fahrenheit with a 29 percent chance of rain.
What's the weather gonna be like in Toronto, Ontario on Thursday next week?
In Toronto, Ontario, there is a 15 percent chance of rain with a temperature of 61 degrees.
I need to know the about the wind and humidity too.
Humidity will be roughly 25 percent with the wind blowing at 12 miles per hour.
Hi, i need a help, i want to check the weather on 8th of March in London
Okay, The average temperature for the day should be 93 degrees Fahrenheit and 24 percent chance of rain.
Okay, how humidity is it expected to be, and how windy is it gonna be?
The humidity is around 19 percent and the wind speed should be 4 miles per hour.
Can you check the weather for me?
Sure. For what city?
For London, please.
The average temperature should be around 81 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 23 percent chance of rain.
How windy will it be?
The average wind speed should be around 10 miles per hour.
I want to know about the weather in Toronto, Canada on the 4th of this month.
The temperature average will be 70 degrees Fahrenheit and there will be a 38 percent chance for rain.
Okay, thanks for that.
Do you need me to do anything else?
Hey, can you tell me how's the weather gonna be in Chicago on Saturday this week please?
Sure! The average temperature should be 61 degrees Fahrenheit with a 33 percent chance of rain.
Update me about the weather please, the day is wednesday next week
Okay, just tell me which city you're interested in
los angeles
I checked and I have to inform you that the temperature should be around 78 degrees fahrenheit and the chance of rain is equal to 19 percent
Hello. What's the weather like in Atlanta, GA?
The weather is 86 degrees F with a 28 percent chance of rain.
Can you please check the weather for me for March 7th.
Sure, but first tell me for which city.
For London, UK please!
There's a 27 percent chance of rain with an average temperature of 71 degrees Fahrenheit.
Can you check the weather in SD next Tuesday please
It's gonna be 84 degrees with an 8 percent chance of rain
I need a weather update for Chi-town for 13th of this month.
The temperature will average 65 degrees Fahrenheit with a 37 percent chance that it would rain.
What is the expected humidity?
It's around 47 percent humid.
What is the wind situation like?
5 miles per hour will be the wind speed on average.
I need some information about how the weather will be on the 5th of March.
What city do you wish for me to find the forecast for?
Find the weather forecast for Cotati.
Cotati will have an average temperature of 86 degrees with an 18 percent chance of rain on March 5th.
Thank you. I need another weather forecast. This time for Nairobi.
There temperature for Nairobi is 90 degrees with a 9 percent chance of there being rain.
What is the weather in Toronto, Ontario.
The average temperature is 58 degrees with a 13 percent chance of rain.
I'm traveling soon and need to know the weather about my destination. Can you tell me the forecast for Phoenix, AZ on Friday next week?
Phoenix, AZ should have a temperature of 77 degrees Fahrenheit and a 15 percent chance of rain next Friday. Do you require more information?
I could use some information about the wind speed and humidity as well. Please.
Certainly. The humidity should be 21 percent and the wind speed will be 11 miles per hour.
I want to check about the weather condition on 13th of March and I need your help to do the same.
Where do you want to check for the Weather?
Check it in Toronto, Ontario.
Please note that the temperature will be 62 degrees Fahrenheit in average and there may be a 1 percent chance of rain.
What about the Humidity there?
It will be around 15 percent. What else do you need to know?
I want to check the same on March 8th.
Please note that the temperature will be 67 degrees Fahrenheit in average and there may be a 6 percent chance of rain.
Can you get me the weather for Phoenix for the 4th of March?
The average temperature for the day should be around 90 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 29 percent chance of rain.
Tell me the weather in Portland on the 10th of March.
Portland has an average temperature of 58 degrees on March 10th. There is also a 25 percent chance of rain occurring.
What's the humidity going to be like that day?
The humidity will be about 39 percent that day.
Will it be windy on the 10th?
It should be only 4 miles per hour when it comes to wind speed.
I was wondering what the weather is like in Phoenix.
The temperature will average 89 degrees Fahrenheit for the day with a 15 percent possibility of raining.
Alright can you check for NY on March 9th?
The temperature must be 70 degrees for the day on average and I think it will have 38 percent possibility of raining.
What is the wind like?
The wind will average a speed of 7 miles per hour.
What is the humidity like?
About 47 percent should be the humidity.
What's the weather like on the 9th of March?
What's the location you want to check?
I want to check SF.
The temperature will be 70 degrees Fahrenheit on average with a 2 percent chance it will rain.
What is the weather going to be like Wednesday next week in Philly?
The forecasts are predicting average temperature to be 94 Fahrenheit with a 26 percent chance of precipitation.
Okay, got it.
Do you still need assistance?
I would like to check the weather today in Nairobi.
The temperature should be around 105 degrees and there is a 0 percent chance of rain.
How windy is the day going to be?
The wind should be around 7 miles per hour
Can you please check the weather for me for the 8th of March?
Sure, but first tell me for which city.
For Gilroy, please.
There's a 20 percent chance of rain with average temperatures around 85 degrees Fahrenheit.
Is it going to be humid or windy?
The average wind speed is forecast to be 9 miles per hour and the humidity should be around 40 percent.
OK, now let's check the weather for SFO.
There's a 13 percent change of rain with an average temperature of 70 degrees Fahrenheit.
OK, now let's see it for the 12th of this month.
There's a 23 percent change of rain with an average temperature of 76 degrees Fahrenheit.
I need to see what the weather is on the 5th of March.
What is the city you want to find out about the weather?
Let's look in Marshall.
There's a 25 percent chance of rain that day. The average temperature will be around 76 degrees Fahrenheit that day.
Right, what about checking San Fran for the 4th.
That day there will be about an average temp of 71 degrees and have a 16 percent rain chance.
Will it be humid or windy?
The average wind will have speeds of 8 miles per hour and a humidity of near 19 percent.
How will be the weather on the 9th of this month?
In which city are you interested?
I'm interested in the weather in San Diego.
The average temperature for the day is expected to be around 83 degrees Fahrenheit with a 25 percent chance of rain.
Is it going to be windy or humid?
The humidity is expected to be around 40 percent with an average wind speed of 7 miles per hour.
Tell me what the weather will be Monday next week.
What city do you want me to check?
Check in SD.
The normal temperature is 75 degrees with a 7 percent chance of precipitation.
What is the wind speed?
Winds average 9 miles an hour.
Please inform me about the weather in Portland, OR.
The temperature is found to be 75 degrees Fahrenheit. 9 percent chance of rain is forecast.
What about the condition on this Saturday.
The temperature is found to be 65 degrees and 15 percent chance for shower.
What's the weather going to be like in vancouver on March 10th?
The forecast average is 68 degrees with a 25 per cent chance of rain.
I need to check the weather on March 2nd in Long Beach, CA.
The average temperature is 77 degrees F with a 15 percent chance of rain.
How humid is it and windy?
The average wind speed should be 8 mph and humidity 35 %.
What is the weather like in London, UK on the 3rd?
The average temperature should be around 88 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 29 percent chance of rain.
How windy and humid will it be during the day?
The mile should be around 2 miles per hour and the humidity should be around 66 percent.
I need to find out the weather.
What city would you like to check the weather in?
Let's check Anaheim, CA.
The average temperature for the day is expected to be 78 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 29 percent chance of rain.
Will you see what the weather is on March 9th?
In what city would you like me to find this?
Please look in Fresno, CA.
The day should have an average temperature of 93 degrees Fahrenheit. The chance of rain is 25 percent.
Can you tell me the humidity and how windy it will be that day?
The humidity will have a level of 27 percent and the wind will have average speeds of 5 miles per hour.
Tell me what the weather is like in Ciudad de Mexico.
It averages a temperature of 102 degrees Fahrenheit with a 0 percent chance of rain.
I must verify the climate on the 3rd.
What metropolis would you like to verify the climate for?
It should be in Sydney, NSW.
The mean temperature for that day ought to be 101 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 4 percent probability of raining.
What will the wind speed be like?
The mean wind speed ought to be 2 mile per hour.
How much humidity will there be?
the humidity is expected to be near 17 percent.
I need to find out what the weather will be on the day after tomorrow.
What city would you like the weather report for?
Please check Portland.
The average temperature for that day is expected to be 70 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 22 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy? And what is the humidity forecast?
The average wind speed is expected to be 5 miles per hour. The humidity is 10 percent.
OK, thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Hi I'm hoping the weather is good in New Delhi on Wednesday next week. Can you check it for me?
It looks like the temperature that day should be around 93 degrees Fahrenheit with a 0 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity expected to be?
The humidity should be about 15 percent.
I need to check weather for the 10th of this month.
In which city would you like to check in?
I wanna see for Portland, OR.
The average temp is expected to be 58 degrees Fahrenheit with a 25 percent chance of rain.
How windy is it gonna be?
The average wind speed is expected to be 4 MPH.
Humidity information for that day?
It is expected to have a humidity of 39 percent.
Thanks for that.
Yes, is there anything else to help with?
I want to search weather on 4th of this month in Seattle, wa
The average temperature for the day should be 69 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 43 percent chance to rain
I need to check weather in Cloverdale on the 4th of march.
It'll be 71 degrees with a 24 % chance of rain.
How windy and humid will it be?
The wind speed will be 1 mph with a 26 % humidity.
How about Fresno, CA on the 10th?
It'll be 90 degrees with a 13 % chanc eof rain.
I want to know what the weather would be like in Sydney, Australia on the 2nd.
The estimated temperature for that day is 101 degrees Fahrenheit with a 2 percent chance of rainfall.
Could you tell me what the weather will be on March 9th?
And what location are you interested in?
For Seattle, Wa
The average for today is 64 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 14 percent chance of rain.
Will it be windy?
The wind should be about 5 miles per hour.
Will it be humid?
Expect it to be 13 percent.
I'd like to know the weather forecast for the 4th of this month.
What city do you need the forecast for?
The forecast for Seattle Washington.
The average temperature for Seattle for the 4th of this month will be 69 degree Fahrenheit with a 43 percent chance of precipitation.
Tell me what the weather is.
What city shall I search for?
Tell me the weather in New Delhi.
Today's average temperature is 99 degrees with a 4 percent chance of precipitation.
What is the humidity level?
The average humidity is 21 perent.
I would like to know what the weather in Vancouver, BC is like today.
It will be around 75 degrees Fahrenheit with a 15 % chance of rain.
Will it be windy?
around 8 miles per hour.
I want to check about the weather condition in Atlanta. Do you check for me?
Yes, Please note that the temperature will be 86 degree Fahrenheit in average and the chance of rain will be at 28 percent.
Also let me know about the Wind speed and Humidity.
45 percent of Humidity and wind speed is will be 11 miles per hour in average. Hope this information useful to you.
Tell me what the weather is in Phoenix, AZ.
The average temperature is 89 degrees with a 15 percent chance of precipitation.
I have to check the weather on next Wednesday.
What city do you wish to check the weather for?
I need for NYC.
The average temperature for the day is 64 degrees F with a 26 % chance of rain.
I need to know something about the weather. Give me the forecast for March 8th in Chi-town please.
There is a warm temperature of 72 degrees Fahrenheit with a 23 percent chance of rain.
Okay. Can you also tell me about how humid and windy it will be that day?
There humidity will hover around 31 percent on March 8th. The wind speed is estimated to be 8 miles per hour.
I need a weather check
What city?
Vancouver please
Today's average is 75 degrees with a 15 per cent chance of rain.
Could you show me the weather for Philadelphia on the 13th of this month?
It'll be 86 degrees in Philadelphia with a 3 percent chance of rain.
What's the weather forecast for Mexico City on March 1st?
The expected average temperature for the day is 102 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 0 percent chance of rain.
What about the expected wind speed?
12 miles per hour winds are expected.
And the expected humidity?
15 percent humidity is expected.
Okay, thanks. Could you also check the forecast for 7th of March?
Sure. The expected average temperature for the day is 93 degrees Fahrenheit, with a 6 percent chance of rain.
Will you check the weather in ATL on 7th of March?
Average temperature is 83 degrees Fahrenheit with 26 percent chance of rain.
Humidity and wind speed?
Average wind speed is 9 miles per hour with humidity around 45 percent.
I want to check the weather on March 1st in NY.
The average temperature for the day is 66 degrees F with a 37 % chance of rain.
How windy will it be and humid?
The average wind speed will be 12 mph and humidity 41 %.
Hey, can you check for me how's the weather gonna be in Washington D.C. on Thursday next week?
It should be 81 degrees Fahrenheit with a 20 percent chance of rain.
And how humid?
At around 27 percent.
And how windy?
The wind speed should be around 2 miles per hour.
Good to know.
Anything else I can do for you?
Check for me the weather on 13th of March in Pinole.
For the day the average temperature should be 84 degrees Fahrenheit and 18 percent of rain.
Tell me how windy will be?
Average wind speed should be 9 miles per hour.
How much humidity will be?
Around 29 percent.
Good.In Ciudad de Mexico how will be?
For the day the average temperature should be 91 degrees Fahrenheit and 8 percent of rain.
Can you get me the weather for the 11th of March?
Sure. For what city?
For the ATL.
The average temperature should be around 87 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 0 percent chance of rain.
I need to check the weather in Portland please
It's gonna be 75 degrees with a 9 percent chance of rain
I need to check weather for tomorrow please.
In which city?
In Oakley please.
The average temp is set to be 93 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 3 percent chance of rain.
he What about on the 9th of this month in Sacramento?
The temp is to be 92 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 23 percent chance of rain.
How windy is it?
The average wind speed is 9 MPH.
How humid is it to be?
The humidity is to be 31 percent.
Please update me on the weather.
Certainly. Name the city for which you wish to know the forecast.
Oh I forgot to say. I want to know about weather in Phoenix.
Phoenix will have an average temperature of 89 degrees Fahrenheit with a 15 percent chance of rain.
May I see my alarms please?
Yes, you have 2 current alarms. There is a 7:30 AM alarm titled wake up.
Thank you very much.
Would you like to set a new alarm?
Hey. Show me my alarms.
You currently have 2 alarms set. There is one set for 9 am with the name Get up.
What's the other alarm?
It's for 4:30 pm with the name Busy.
Can you show me my alarms?
You have 1 alarm set. It is for 4 pm and called, pick up kids.
Okay that is good.
Do you want to add one?
I want to view my list of alarms. Can you show it now?
Yes, You have an alarm for 5 pm in the name of Meeting.
Can you show me the alarms that I currently have set?
There is currently only 1 alarm set. This alarm is named Event and set for 4 pm.
Ah thanks for reminding me. I appreciate it.
Can I be of help with anything else today?
Show me my alarms.
You have 2 alarms. You have an alarm for Coffee at 7 am.
Ok thank you for checking.
Would you like to add an alarm?
Not at the moment.
Can I help you with something else?
What alarms do I have?
I found an alarm for 8 am with name Commute.
Ok, that sounds right.
Did you want to add another alarm?
What alarms do I have?
You have one called Get Up for 6 am.
Okay, cool.
Do you want a new alarm?
Show me the alarms I have set.
There is an alarm named Wake up that is set for 8:30 am.
What alarms do I have set?
You have Wake up, set for 9 am.
All right, cool.
Would you like to set another alarm?
No, I don't want to set another alarm right now.
Would you like my help with anything else?
What alarms do I have set?
You have 1 alarm named Errands and it is set for 3:30 pm.
Please show me my alarms.
There is an alarm at 8 am named Wake up.
Please show me my alarms.
You have 3 alarms set one for 8:30 am with the name get up.
Please show me my alarms.
There is an alarm at 5 pm with the name busy.
Okay that is good.
Would you like to add an alarm.
No, I don't want to make any new alarms now.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'd like to review my alarms.
You have 3 alarms that are currently set with one named Exercise for 8 am.
I want to watch my alarms.
Currently there are 2 alarms and there is a alarm called Event for 4 pm.
I believe I have some notifications set. Can you please check for me?
Yes. You do have notifications. I found 3. One of them is labeled jogging. It is set for 7 am.
Good. I thought I forgot to set the reminders.
Would you like me to set up another reminder?
Thank you but no. I was just checking what I had set.
Do you require further aid?
Please show my alarms.
I found one for 4:30 pm called Event.
What alarms do I have?
You have one for 9 am titled Get up.
Can you show me my alarms please
Sure, you have 2 alarms, one at 11 am called Catch Bus
Ok thanks for that
Do you want to add any more?
Tell me about my alarms.
You posses 1 set alarm right now. there is an alarm called Catch Bus at 11 am.
May I see the alarms that I have set please?
Yes, there is an alarm entitled catch train which is set for 10 AM.
Terrific, thank you.
Would you like to establish a new alarm?
No, I don't need to.
How else may I help you?
Tell me what alarms I have set.
You have an alarm named Exercise set for 9:30 am.
That is good.
Shall I set a new alarm for you?
No, not right now.
Do you need any other help?
I have no idea what I have planned today. I'd like to see my alarms, please.
You have 2 active alarms. One is a 7 am alarm named Jogging.
What other alarms are there?
The alarm named Dentist is set for 4:30 pm.
May I see the alarms that I have set?
Yes, there is 1 alarm currently enabled for 10 AM which is called catch bus.
Thank you very much.
Would you like to create a new alarm?
No, I don't need to.
May I help you with anything else?
I want to know which alarms I have set.
You have an alarm set at 9:30 am titled Paper.
Are there other alarms set?
There is also an alarm at 8:30 am called Jogging.
Are there anymore alarms set?
Another alarm set for 7:30 am is called Get up.
Alright, that is nice.
Would you like to have an alarm added?
I would like to take a look in my alarms, please.
There is an alarm for 4 pm with the name Pick up kids.
OK, that's good.
Would you like to add an alarm?
What alarms do I currently have at the moment?
You have one alarm set for 9 am under the name Badminton.
Can you show me my alarms?
You currently have 3 alarms set. You have an alarm for 6:30 am named Get up.
Okay, that's great.
Would you like to add an alarm?
I would to see my alarms.
You have an alarm set for 4:30 pm and the name on it is Busy.
Do I have any other alarms?
Yes, there is also one with the name Class set for 10 am.
Let me see my alarms.
You currently have 3 alarms set. One is for 3 pm with name Dentist.
Ok, sounds good.
Did you want to add an alarm?
Can you show me my alarms?
You have 2 alarms set currently. There is an alarm for 9 am with the name Gym.
What alarms do I have set?
You have 1 alarm called Get up that is set for 8:30 am.
Ok, perfect.
Would you like to set an additional alarm?
Could you please show me any alarms I have set.
There is 1 alarm and it is called Wake up, set for 8 am.
Tell me about my alarms.
You have 3 alarms active right now. There is an alarm for 6 am with the title Get up.
What alarms do I have set?
You have 2 alarms set. There is an alarm for 6 am titled get up.
Please show me my alarms.
There is an alarm for Running at 7 am.
Ok, sounds good.
Did you want to add another alarm?
I would like you to show me my alarms.
There is an alarm called get up that has been made for 6:30 am.
Okay, that is good.
Would you like to add an alarm?
No, I don't want to add any more alarms right now.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Could you show me my alarms?
You have 1 alarm set at the moment at 7:30 am called Get up.
Souns good.
Would you like to add an alarm?
I need to see my alarms
There are 2 alarms set for you and there is an alarms for you at 6:30 am with wake up name
Hi, could you show me my alarms please?
You currently have 1 alarm set titled Busy at 5 pm.
I see, thank you.
Would you like to add an alarm?
No, that is not necessary.
How can I further help you then?
I'd like to see my alarms.
You have a 10 am alarm named Call.
Can you tell me when my alarms are set?
You have an alarm for 9 am that is titled Get up.
Can you show me the alarms?
You have an alarm at 7:30 am named Wake up
Very well, thank you
Do you need to add another alarm?
Could you tell me what alarms I have set?
There is an alarm titled Wake up at 6:30 am.
I want to view my listed alarms. Can you show me the same now?
Yes, you have an alarm for 11 am in the name Call.
I would like to see my alarms.
I found an alarm for 6 am with the name wake up.
Okay, That sounds good.
Can I assist you with anything else?
I have absolutely no idea what alarms I have set. Please show me my alarms.
You have the Catch bus alarm set for 10:30 am.
All right. Cool.
Do you want to create a new alarm?
No. At the moment, I don't want to create any additional alarms.
Will there be anything else?
I need to see my alarms.
You have 1 alarm now and it is at 9 AM with the name Get Up.
Okay, thanks for that.
Would you like to add an alarm?
No, I don't need to add any.
Anything else to help with?
I want you to show my alarms
You are having 2 alarms set and one alarm is set at 7 am with name Get up
Any other alarms set?
There is one alarm set at 3:30 pm with name Piano time
That is fine
You require an alarm to be added?
No, i don't need alarms
Any other help?
What alarms do I have?
You have 1 alarm set for a Wake up at 8 am.
okay, good. Thanks.
Did you want to add another?
I'd like to see what alarms I have set please.
There is an alarm enabled for 8:30 AM that is titled get up.
Alright, thank you.
Would you like to create an additional alarm?
I'd like to check my alarms please.
You have 1 alarm set for 5 pm which is called Pick up kids.
What alarms do I have?
You have one for 5 pm titled meeting.
Can you please show me active alarms?
You have an alarm named Wake up at 6 am.
Any other active alarms?
Yes, there's also one named Badminton at 7 am.
OK, thanks a lot.
Do you want me to add an alarm?
Tell me about my alarms.
There is an alarm titled Busy at 4 pm.
Show me my alarms.
You have 3 alarms. There is one for 3 pm with Errands.
Ok, thank you for checking.
Would you like to add an alarm?
Show me my alarms please.
You have 2 alarms set.First is set for 10 am called Commute.
Okay that's great.
You want to add an alarm now?
No,I don't want now.
Can I do something else for you now?
Show me alarms that I have set.
Sure, you currently have 2 alarms set. One of the alarms is for an Event at 3 pm.
Can you please show me my active alarms?
You have an 8 am alarm named Workout.
OK, thanks!
Do you want me to add an alarm for you?
No, not at the moment.
Is there anything else I could do for you?
Show me my alarms.
You have 1 alarm set for 4:30 pm called Busy.
Sounds good.
Would you like to add an alarm?
Can you show me alarms please
There's one set for 8 am called Coffee
Tell me about my alarms.
There exists an alarm at 5 pm under the title shopping.
Alright, that's fine.
Do you wish to include an alarm?
Please show me my alarms.
There was an alarm for 10 am called Running.
Show me the alarms I have.
You have 1 alarm set now for 7 am with the name running.
I forgot what I have planned for the rest of today! I need to see my alarms.
The Pick up kids alarm is set for 5 pm.
Will you let me see my alarms set.
There are 3 alarms set. One of the alarms is at 6:30 am and titled Get Up.
Can you inform me of the weather in Benicia on March 6th?
The temperature on March 6th will be 85 degrees Fahrenheit in Benicia. There is a 24 percent chance of rainfall.
Can you tell me the weather on March 12th for the same city?
On March 12th in Benicia, the tempeature will be 73 degrees Fahrenheit with a 4 percent chance of rain.
Look up the weather forecast for the 11th would you?
The forecast for where?
Make that the 4th, in Lafayette for the weather.
There is a 15 percent chance of rain predicted and an average temperature of 91 Fahrenheit.
Can you tell me anything about the humidity or the wind speed?q
Of course I can humidity is expected to be about 29 percent and a 5 miles and hour wind speed.
Okay now for Bolinas please.
There it is expected to average 85 Fahrenheit with a 12 percent chance of showers.
I have a few errands to run outside. Can you check what the weather is for March 10th?
Sure, in what city?
It's San Anselmo, and can you actually check it for the 13th of March instead?
Sure, it looks like the average temperature will be 83 degrees Fahrenheit with a 2 percent chance of rain.
Ok, and how windy and humid will it be?
The average wind speed should be 1 mile per hour with a humidity of 16 percent.
I want to check the weather in Tomales for March 11th.
The average temperature on that day is expected to be 89 degrees Fahrenheit and the chance of rain is 23 percent.
What will the humidity level and wind be like?
The wind speed is expected to be 2 miles per hour and the humidity is around 25 percent.
I want to check the weather condition in Sunol for which I need your help.
The average temperature will be 92 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 12 percent for rain.
What is the weather in Sausalito?
The average temperature today will be 77 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
What will the weather in Alameda be on the 5th of this month?
The average temperature will be 79 degrees Fahrenheit with a 7 percent chance of rain.
I want to know the weather in San Pablo next Monday.
There will be an 18 percent chance of rain with an average temperature of 80.
i have a plan to travel , please check the weather in Antioch on next wednesday.
The average temperature for the day should be 72 degrees fahrenheit. there is a 7 percent chance of rain.
I am planning a visit to Larkspur on the 10th of this month. I need to know what the weather will be like so I can pack accordingly.
You probably will not need an umbrella as the rain chance is only 20 percent. Summer clothing will be fine as the temperature should average 85 degrees.
I'd like to know the weather in Burlingame.
The average temperature for that day is looking like 81 degrees F with a 2 percent chance of rain.
I want to check the weather in Lafayette on 1st of March.
The average day temperature is running at 87 degrees Fahrenheit and the chances of rain is 29 percent
What is the wind pressure there?
The wind speed is 11 miles per hour.
Okay..this is cool
Any other help you want?
I'd like to find out what the weather is going to be like on 2nd of March in Vancouver, BC.
The average temperature for the day will be about 67 degrees Fahrenheit and there's a 49 percent chance of rain.
How's the weather like in Lagunitas?
The average temperature for the day should be around 92 degrees Fahrenheit with an 18 percent chance of rain.
And how about the weather in Campbell on Wednesday next week?
The average temperature for the day is expected to be around 75 degrees Fahrenheit with an 8 percent chance of rain.
Is it going to be very humid?
Humidity will be close to 24 percent.
What would the weather be like this Saturday.
In which city.
In San Bruno.
The temperature should be around 77 degrees Fahrenheit with a 21 percent chance of rain.
How humid would it be?
It should be around 58 percent.
How is the weather in Pinole?
The temp there is 91 degrees Fahrenheit with 18 percent chance of rain
Can you get me the weather for San Jose?
The average temperature for the day should be around 78 degrees Fahrenheit. There is also a 19 percent chance of rain.
I want to know how the weather will be in Castro Valley for March 9th.
For your requested location the average temperature should be at 86 degrees Fahrenheit, and with a chance of raining at 7 percent.
I would like to check the weather in Bodega Bay.
The average temperature for the day should be around 80 degrees and there is a 28 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell me what the weather will be like in Santa Rosa on the 9th?
Yes, the average temperature should be 92 degrees, there is a 26 percent chance of rain that day.
What will the humidity level be?
The humidity will be around 41 percent that day.
Can you show me the weather?
What is the name of the city you want to know the weather of?
I want to know the weather of Brentwood on the 1st.
The expected average temperature for the day iis 77 degrees Fahrenheit with 3 percent chance of rain.
Can you tell me the weather?
In which city?
In Napa, please.
The average temperature is 85 degrees Fahrenheit with a 24 percent chance of rain.
Could you check the weather in Delhi India on the 11th of this month?
The average temp will be 103 degrees with a 7 % chance of rain.
Would you mind finding the Petaluma weather forecast for me please?
Certainly, the temperature will average 82 degrees Fahrenheit with a 29 percent possibility of precipitation.
Great, thank you.
How else may I help you?
I need the weather forecast for the 12th.
Do you want the weather forecast for your current location or some other place?
I need the weather forecast for Dixon.
The average temperature in Dixon on the 12th is expected to be 93 degrees Fahrenheit with a 21 percent chance of precipitation.
Is it supposed to be very humid?
The humidity level is expected to be around 28 percent.
Is it going to be very windy that day?
The average wind speed is predicted to be 4 miles per hour.
Could you find out what the weather will be in American Canyon on March 12th?
On that day, the expected average temperature is 75 degrees wwith a 15 percent chance of rain.
I need weather info for Sebastopol on the 11th of this month.
The average temp should be 75 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 6 percent rain chance.
What is the weather in San Mateo?
The average temperature is 80 degrees with a 13 percent chance of rain.
Can I also have the wind speed and humidity?
The wind speed will be around 11 miles per hour with the humidity approximately 18 percent.
What will the weather be on the 10th of March in Long Beach CA.
The temperature should be 75 degrees with a 20 percent for rain.
Will it be humid or windy?
The humidity should be 50 percent with wind at 11 miles per hour.
I want to check for the weather condition on the 7th. Can you help me to check the same?
Where to you want to check for the weather condition?
I need to check it in Petaluma and please check it for the date on March 1st.
Please note that the average temperature will be 82 degrees Fahrenheit and there may be a chance of 29 percent for rain.
I would like to check the weather on the 10th.
What city would you like the weather forecast for?
Check Hayward.
The temperature for the day should be 80 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 14 percent chance that it will rain.
How humid will it be?
The humidity is about 30 percent.
How windy will it be?
The average wind speed should be about 8 miles per hour.
What is the weather like in New Delhi?
It should be 99 degrees Fahrenheit with a 4 percent chance of rainfall.
What's the weather like in San Mateo on the 11th of March?
It'll be around 91 degrees Fahrenheit with a 15 percent chance of rain.
Okay then.
What else do you need?
Hows the weather in Brentwood on march 8th
It will be 86 degrees Fahrenheit with a 19 % chance of rain
Whats the expected Humidity and the wind speed?
Humidity will be 29 percent and wind speed is 3 mph
What's the weather like on the 11th of this month?
What location are you interested in?
Sorry, the weather in Montara.
The temperature average will be 86 degrees Fahrenheit and the chance of rain is 17 percent.
Hi, could you help me check the weather in Phoenix on 11th of this month please?
The temperature is 86 degrees Fahrenheit and there is a 8 percent chance of rain.
And how windy is it going to be?
The average wind speed is 11 miles per hour.
May I also know the expected humidity?>
It will be around 27 percent.
I want to check the weather in Novato on 4th of March.
The average temperature for the day will be 87 degree Fahrenheit and there is a chance of 7 percent rain.
How windy will it be and also how humid is it going to be?
The humidity is around 19 percent and average wind speed would be 5 miles per hour.
Okay. how about Atherton.
The average temperature would be 78 degrees Fahrenheit and there is 10 percent chance of rain.
I like to check the weather.
In which area you want me to check the weather?
I like to check the weather in woodside.
The average day temperature is 78 degrees Fahrenheit with 6 percent rain chance.
Can you check the weather in Moraga for the 9th of this month please?
There's a 3 percent chance of rain and an average temperature of 86.
I want to check the weather in Nairobi on the 2nd of March.
The average temperature should be 86 degrees Fahrenheit with a 6 percent chance of rain.
What about on the 11th of March?
The average temperature should be 89 degrees Fahrenheit with a 3 percent chance of rain.
Hi, could you help me check the weather in Walnut Creek on the 2nd of this month?
Sure, the average temperature is 76 degrees Fahrenheit with a 26 percent chance of rain.
Check the weather for Nairobi, Kenya for next Thursday.
For that day the average temperature should be 86 degrees Fahrenheit with a 8 percent chance of rain.
What's the weather like in Lagunitas this Saturday?
It should be around 87 degrees Fahrenheit with a 17 percent chance of rain.
How is the weather in Graton on the 9th of March?
The average temperature is looking like 89 degrees F with a 19 percent chance of rain.
What is the humidity looking like?
It should be about 38 percent.
How windy is it likely to be?
It is looking like 4 miles per hour.
Give me the weather forecast for the 1st of March please.
Which city are we checking for ?
Millbrae on this sunday please.
I show an average temperature for that day should be 73 degrees Fahrenheit with a 23 percent chance of rain.
What is the wind factor going to be?
The wind factor factor will be 7 miles per hour.
What is the expected humidity going to be?
The humidity should be around 20 percent.
I need to check weather in Menlo Park on the 11th of March.
The average temperature is set to be 71 degrees Fahrenheit. There is a 19 percent chance of rain.
Will you check the weather in Clayton on March 1st?
Average temperature is 70 degrees Fahrenheit with a 1 percent chance of rain.
Hey, can you check the weather for me? I need to know the weather in Oakland on March 7th.
Sure. The average temperature for the day is expected to be 80 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 19 percent chance of rain.
How windy is it going to be?
The average wind speed is predicted to be 4 miles per hour.
So far so good. How humid?
The humidity is 28 percent.
Okay how about on the day of March 14th?
The average temperature on that day should be 84 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a 22 percent chance of rain.
Tell me about the weather on the 7th of March.
What is the location you want to check?
I want to check San Ramon.
It will be 74 degrees Fahrenheit on average. The chance of rain is 5 percent.
And what will the wind be like?
The wind speed will be 12 miles per hour on average.
And what about the humidity?
It will be around 17 percent for humidity.
Can you check the weather on the 1st for me
Sure, in what city
Let's look in San Lorenzo
It'll be 76 degrees with a low 3 percent chance of rain
How about in Chicago on the 5th of this month
It'll be 71 degrees with a higher 28 percent chance of it raining
I need weather in Valley Ford on the 12th of March.
The average temp is set to be 92 degrees Fahrenheit and there is an 11 percent chance of rain.
What will the weather be in Novato on the 9th of March?
The normal temperature is 80 degrees with only a 1 percent chance of precipitation.
That is nice.
Do you need something more?
Can you tell me the weather for next Wednesday?
In which city?
In Alamo, please.
The average temperature will be 75 degrees Fahrenheit with a 7 % chance of rain.
